{"Company Name": "ABRA Software as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Social responsibility ABRA Software supports smart ideas and innovations (e.g. Industry 4.0. Or the Internet of Things), the long-term helps to develop the business environment, science and education for business. It focuses mainly on projects that support Czech entrepreneurs, young scientists, education and the introduction of the format for electronic data interchange. The very advantageous prices of products and services supplied also support various charitable and humanitarian organizations. DOBRÝ ANDĚL A DOBRÝ ANDĚL is a system by which up to tens of thousands of donors, good angels, can greatly help thousands of sick and relatively small regular monthly contributions. A good angel helps families in which the father, mother or some of the children have cancer or suffer from other serious diseases (cystic fibrosis, muscular dystrophy, serious hereditary metabolic disorders, etc.). ABRA Software for a good angel developed a new web-based information system for online management of donors and recipients and all other data covering the agenda of the Endowment Fund. NF-Neuron Endowment Fund Neuron believes that science is the engine of the development of society and that the work of excellent Czech scientists and scientists will improve the lives of all of us. Each year, the prestigious Neuron awards the top scientists and vědkyníms who influence the level of knowledge in their fields. Neuron prices are most significantly subsidized prices for scientists in the Czech Republic. The NF neuron works through funding from private means of patrons – successful people who want to support talented Czech scientists and scientists through the NF neuron. One of the patrons is also the founder of ABRA Software Jaroslav alga. Unicef UNICEF (United Nations Children’s Fund) works in over 190 countries in the world where children help to survive and support their development, from birth to adulthood. UNICEF provides children with health care, nutrition, drinking water and sanitation, basic education for all boys and girls, and protection against violence, abuse and risks of AIDS. Since its inception, it has also provided immediate assistance in need of children and women in countries and areas affected by the war conflict or natural disaster. Adra ADRA (Adventist Development and Relief Agency) is an international humanitarian organization providing assistance to people in need. ADRA Czech Republic is part of the international network of ADRA organizations, which operates in more than 130 countries worldwide. ADRA works with people living in poverty and distress to have a fair and positive change through strengthening partnerships and responsible action. Salvation Army The aim of the Salvation Army in the Czech Republic is the physical, social, moral and spiritual support of people of all ages, on Christian principles. The target group of the Salvation Army are all those who find themselves in a difficult life situation, but also those who seek any spiritual help or support. The Salvation Army operates social facilities and community centres in which it provides over 60 registered social services. Every day of their services is used by over a thousand disadvantaged persons. ISDOC ISDOC is an electronic invoicing format, on whose development the ABRA Software has worked as a member of the ICT Union. The format allows for the paperless exchange of invoices and other documents, their rapid processing and portability between businesses, public administrations and private individuals.", "Link": "https://www.abra.eu/en/company/social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Accenture", "Number of employees": 1000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "In the United Kingdom, our Corporate Citizenship programmes focus on environmental and social sustainability to bring positive change to the communities where we live and work. Through our Corporate Citizenship programmes, we bring a powerful combination of financial assistance, volunteering, fundraising and pro bono contributions of time to help young people across the UK gain employability and entrepreneurial skills. We strive to enhance economic inclusion and resilience at both individual and community levels. Globally we want to provide 3 million people, by 2020, with the right skills to help them into employment. In the UK, since 2010, our local programmes have provided training and assistance to thousands of young people to gain skills that will help them find work and stay in work. Our Skills to Succeed efforts focus on addressing youth unemployment by providing young people, aged 16-24, who aren't in education, employment or training, with support to build skills and obtain work. None of the work we do would be possible without the support of our charity partners. We work with multiple organisations to deliver the Skills to Succeed programme. We are proud of all our work, but our achievements in corporate and social responsibility bring with them exceptional rewards. Of course, every company probably says the same. We believe that actions speak louder, so here are just a few facts and figures to show just what an impact we are making: We have celebrated eleven years on Ethisphere's World's Most Ethical Companies list. We have equipped more than 2.2 million people with Skills to Succeed toward our goal of more than 3 million by 2020. We are recognised in CDP's Climate Change Report as a leading company for reducing emissions and mitigating climate change. We are included on FORTUNE's Change the World list of the 50 best companies putting purpose at the centre of their business strategies. Transparency and accountability are priorities for Accenture, and our 2017 Corporate Citizenship Report details our global corporate citizenship goals, progress and performance for that period. We encourage all our people to get involved in activities to help the world around them. As well as making a positive impact, they develop enhanced professional skills. When you join us, there will be lots of opportunities to get involved, from volunteering and doing charity work (we give all our people three days to volunteer per year) to taking part in pro-bono activities. How you choose to show your support is up to you, but we’ll support you to make the most of the opportunity.", "Link": "https://www.accenture.com/gb-en/careers/csr"}
{"Company Name": "ACTIVE 24 sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We run a reliable and fast web hosting working with pre-installed WordPress. We guarantee a quality technical background and willing customer support available 24/7 via chat, e-mail and telephone. We care about the enviroment we live in, that is why beginning January 2020 we utilize exclusively energy from renewable resources for charging our servers. Every web hosting package is fueled by green energy for free! We strive to contribute to better air quality in Prague. We could have more company cars. But we have only one and it is electric. For ten years now we donate 1CZK for every domain we register to the Paraple charity.Clients of Centrum Paraple can yous our web hosting services for free.Free hosting for non-profit organizations We offer free web hosting for non-profit organizations.We support meaningful start-up projects.We participate in the project „Do práce na kole“, going to work by bike or by any other environmentally friendly way.We preferably donate discarded servers and other technologies to schools for further use. Unusable hardware is handed over for ecological disposal.", "Link": "https://www.active24.cz/en/green-website"}
{"Company Name": "Accolade sro", "Number of employees": 10, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Real Estate", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "In 2014, we founded Accolade Fund SICAV, a prime industrial real estate fund, open to investments by qualified investors who can participate with us in the development of modern industry. We decided to acquire the operator of the Czech Republic’s second busiest airport, Brno-Tuřany, in 2017. Dynamic growth and sustainable industry are our priorities. This is also why we became the fastest growing business in the Czech Republic in 2019 and one of the TOP 5 fastest growing companies in Europe in the real estate segment. We want to set a good example in terms of business performance as well as corporate social responsibility. Being a trustworthy and responsible partner is part of our corporate culture.", "Link": "https://accolade.eu/en/accolade/csr"}
{"Company Name": "adidas CR sro", "Number of employees": 200, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Any new plastic created today, including polyester, can be a plastic waste problem tomorrow. Since 2012, we’ve innovated ways to tackle the problem of plastic waste in how we make our products. By 2024, we'll be off virgin polyester completely. PLASTIC IS THE PROBLEM. INNOVATION IS THE SOLUTION . FROM THREAT INTO THREAD Parley Ocean Plastic® is created from upcycled marine plastic waste that is intercepted on remote islands and beaches and in coastal communities. We use it as a replacement for virgin plastic in all adidas x Parley high-performance sportswear. After plastic trash is collected from coastlines, it's baled and sent to Parley supply chain partners. There it's shredded and reworked to become high-performance polyester yarn: Parley Ocean Plastic™, which is then used to create adidas x Parley sportswear that's as good for the planet as it is for your workout. Over 5 trillion pieces of plastic litter our oceans. And every minute, one truckload of plastic ends up in their waters. By 2050 there may be more plastic in our oceans than fish. Plastic does not bio-degrade like natural materials. It breaks down into even smaller pieces, which animals mistake for food. If the sea life is consuming it, then we are too. It's not too late to turn this around. Recycling is the first step in breaking the cycle, but we need to rethink and reinvent to eventually eliminate plastic. It's time to shift our attitudes, our perspectives and our habits. We must find ways to synchronize humankind's economic system with the ecosystem of nature. Let's do it together. We're working to save our oceans, for us and generations to come. That's why we're using recycled materials to prevent waste and conserve resources. Reduce. Reuse. Recycle. Repeat.", "Link": "https://www.adidas.com/us/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "ADP", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "ADP is committed to delivering a more human, simple and sustainable business process for all of those we serve. We believe that our vision for corporate social responsibility will attract, engage and retain top talent, bolster continued business performance and conserve environmental resources for our company and our clients. The resulting financial edge, increased associate engagement scores and positive perceptions among our associates, investors, clients and the market at large will produce a competitive advantage. With powerful software, continuous innovation and a human touch, we pledge to help build a better workforce — for our company, our associates, our clients and our world.", "Link": "https://www.adp.com/about-adp/corporate-social-responsibility.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "AERO Vodochody AEROSPACE as", "Number of employees": 1900, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The long-term corporate strategy defines in detail the steps leading to AERO Vodochody AEROSPACE a.s. once again becoming a major global manufacturer of own aircraft (AOM – aircraft original manufacturer). The new management of the company has defined six main strategic objectives: • To regain the position as the leading manufacturer of light combat and training aircraft. • To promote growth through the provision of additional servicing and redefinition of the customer support system and the business model. • To optimize the portfolio of contractual relations in the aerostructures and to develop in particular the design-to-build programs and programs bringing specific technology. • To find opportunities for further business growth through potential new segments, new industrial partnerships. • To strive for sustainable excellence of production both in terms of meeting customer requirements and in terms of quality. • To continue to develop the organization in terms of competence, international corporate culture and the ability to attract and retain the best human resources.", "Link": "http://www.aero.cz/en/about-us/company/vision-mission-strategy/"}
{"Company Name": "AeskuLab ks", "Number of employees": 1000, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Advantis Medical Ltd.", "Number of employees": 50, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Advantage Consulting, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 100, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ADVANCE HR sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ADIP spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 200, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Adient Czech Republic", "Number of employees": 4000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "At Adient, integrity is never optional. That’s why we hold ourselves – and our suppliers – to the highest ethical and sustainability standards. From reducing our carbon footprint to maintaining workplaces free from harassment and discrimination. We expect our suppliers to conduct business in a safe and sustainable manner, consistent with regulatory guidelines. For us, the only way to do well is by doing good – for our customers, our workforce, our communities and our planet. With our size, scale and global reach, our business can help yours grow. But before we enter into any partnership, we need to know that your company is reliable and financially stable – with a solid reputation. All suppliers are required to keep their financial information current through our online financial assessment, Third Party Intelligence (3PI), which is our global standardized tool to collect financial data on our suppliers. This online assessment is mandatory for all production and service parts suppliers and must be updated quarterly. As a responsible corporate citizen with global operations, we are committed to responsible sourcing. Adient maintains a zero-tolerance position against forced labor, including slavery and human trafficking. We will continue our responsible sourcing journey and proactively look for ways to make a positive difference in our operations and supply chain.Adient’s supplier sustainability rating measures sustainability activity and compliance and impacts a supplier’s scorecard as well. Suppliers are encouraged to complete the 17-question online survey that delves into practices surrounding human rights, working conditions, employee safety and energy management. 1. Suppliers will need their vendor identification number, location on their global supplier scorecard. Suppliers can access their global supplier scorecard through the Global Supplier Scorecard database. 2. When you complete the sustainability rating, print a copy of your survey results for your records. Click here to complete the supplier sustainability rating.", "Link": "https://www.adient.com/suppliers/corporate-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "ADASTRA sro", "Number of employees": 500, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AD PARTNER CZ & SK", "Number of employees": 50, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Actum, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ACCONTIS - ucetni servis sro", "Number of employees": 20, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "acantha, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ABB", "Number of employees": 2000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "For more than 130 years, ABB has created technologies that stimulate economic growth and improve people’s lives. Today, we remain focused on delivering leading-edge products, services and solutions for our customers and are working to further enhance the eco-efficiency of these offerings to support the fight against climate change and conserve non-renewable resources. We use 11 measures and targets to quantify ABB’s progress toward nine sustainability objectives, which were established in 2014. We made progress on our measures in 2019 and remain on track to meet or exceed our targets in 2020. The objectives cover three areas: leading technology, responsible operations and responsible relationships. Each area has a direct or indirect impact on ABB’s business success. Our Executive Committee and external stakeholder panel reaffirmed that our measures and targets remain material to ABB’s business. In 2019, ABB underwent an extensive organizational transformation, initiating the carve-out of Power Grids and the simplification of our structure and business model. The ABB that will emerge will continue to not only be a technology leader, but also an exemplary corporate citizen contributing to a more sustainable world. In 2019, we reviewed our 2013 baseline data to be able to track the environmental performance internally of each of our businesses individually, to reflect the changes at the company and maintain the consistency of the reported information. 2013 baselines in this report are unchanged. As we prepare to close out our current measures and targets at the end of 2020, we have begun the work of developing new measures and targets for the years ahead. Our external stakeholder engagement process and the results of the 2019 Global Employee Engagement Survey will inform this process. ABB strongly supports international and national measures to mitigate climate change After a concerted, multi-year effort, we are pleased to note that, in 2019, we achieved our climate action goals for 2020. ABB supports the 2015 Paris Agreement and sees it as the linchpin of all efforts to limit global warming and allay the potentially devastating consequences of climate change. Within our own operations, we are working to reduce GHG emissions from fossil energy and transportation, as well as from the handling of sulfur hexafluoride gas (SF6).Externally, ABB actively collaborates with businesses, governments and non-governmental and civil society organizations around the world to raise awareness of society’s need to transition to low- or zero-carbon energy systems. We participate in the Sustainable Energy for All initiative, the World Economic Forum’s Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders and the Science Based Targets (SBT) initiative, among many others. For the SBT initiative, ABB has committed to establishing a science-based GHG emissions target for our post-2020 sustainability objectives and is currently working to calculate what this target should be. As a company with around 9,000 technologists and plans to invest some $23 billion in innovation between the date of the Paris Agreement and 2030, our advanced technologies represent ABB’s main contribution to the global effort to mitigate climate change. Nearly 60 percent of ABB’s global revenues are derived from technologies that directly address the causes of climate change by facilitating increased energy efficiency, the integration of renewables into the energy mix and the conservation of natural resources. Importantly, these technologies can enable circular economy principles and practices. ABB believes the digital transformation of global industry – with AI at the center – will rise to the challenge of providing the clean and plentiful food, water, energy and mobility the future demands. Guido Jouret – Chief Digital Officer ABB’s current target for climate action is to reduce our GHG emissions by 40 percent by the end of 2020 from a 2013 baseline. In 2019, ABB’s total GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) amounted to 998 kilotons, representing an 8.7 percent reduction from 2018 and a 41 percent reduction from 2013.1 Our progress to date is attributable in part to an improved methodology for monitoring emissions from our vehicle fleet. On its own, this new methodology accounted for 19 percentage points of the GHG emissions reduction we reported in 2017. During 2019, we expanded our assessment of Scope 3 emissions to more completely understand the climate impact of ABB’s supply chain. The results obtained indicate that our upstream Scope 3 emissions are roughly six times as large as our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Thanks to this assessment, we will be able to have more meaningful conversations with our suppliers on the topic of climate action.At present, more than 250 energy efficiency projects underway at ABB sites around the world are projected to deliver more than 39 GWh of annual savings. At ABB’s Busch-Jaeger site in Lüdenscheid, Germany, we are proving that the energy transition can be sustainably achieved via digital energy management. ABB’s first carbon-neutral and energy-self-sufficient production site in the world, the Busch-Jaeger facility features a solar power plant that will deliver around 1100 MWh of climate-neutral solar power a year. Its installed ABB technology, which includes ABB’s scalable energy management system OPTIMAX® at its core, will generate enough power to cover 100 percent of the factory’s power requirements on sunny days and reduce the site’s CO2 emissions by 630 tons per year. For context, the average citizen of an industrialized nation generates about 10 tons of CO2 per year. Also in 2019, ABB Real Estate’s energy savings program reported a total of US$8.7 million annual savings from 260 completed, ongoing and planned energy-saving projects in ABB buildings, cutting our greenhouse gas emissions by 23 kilotons per year. In addition, ABB Real Estate launched the global initiative “EV charging infrastructure at ABB sites” in cooperation with the Global Solutions Team for e-Mobility. A goal for 2020 is to increase the number of ABB sites equipped with EV-charging infrastructure from 17 to 35 percent.Over the past decade, we have successfully implemented a wide range of waste reduction and recycling initiatives to reduce ABB’s environmental impact and bring cost savings to our business. In the area of resource efficiency, we remain on track to meet the two targets we established for 2020. The first target is to reduce absolute water withdrawals by 25 percent from 2013 to 2020 at facilities located in watersheds with medium to extremely high baseline water stress. While the majority of our manufacturing processes are not water-intensive, we are highly motivated to minimize the water impacts of ABB’s operations. We use the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct global water risk tool to assess our facilities according to the level of baseline water stress of the local watershed. Of the 573 ABB locations mapped in 2019, 74 face an extremely high level of water stress, 96 face a high level and 76 face a medium-to-high level. For all ABB sites in stressed watersheds, total water withdrawals in 2019 amounted to 2,711 kilotons, representing a 2.4 percent1 reduction from 2018. The overall reduction in water from water stressed sites (excluding GEIS sites acquired in 2018) since 2013 is 18.5 percent. While this overall result is good, our analysis revealed that ABB’s water withdrawals in extremely stressed watersheds more than doubled this year; two of the highly stressed watersheds where our operations are water-intensive were reclassified as facing an extremely high level of water stress. In 2019, ABB’s total water use went down by 4.9 percent, to 8,401 kilotons.2 Both of these reductions were mainly due to structural changes at several ABB sites in Europe.Closed-loop processes and other projects to recycle or reuse water comprise our primary water-saving practices; in 2019, such processes and projects saved 74 percent of all industrial water use and 45 percent of all cooling water use at ABB sites worldwide. There are more than 20 projects running to improve water management across ABB, with expected annual savings of 97 kilotons, or 1.2 percent of all the water we use. At our site in Auburn, Maine, United States, a rapid-impact project to better control the flow of water during a manufacturing process delivered water savings of 8,000 tons of water and annual cost savings of $300,000. Our second resource-efficiency target is to reduce the share of waste ABB sends to final disposal – both hazardous and non-hazardous – by 20 percent from 2013 to 2020. Using the criteria established when our measures and targets were developed, we met this target one year ahead of schedule, having achieved a 21 percent reduction in the proportion of all waste we sent to final disposal in 2019, compared to the 2013 baseline.3 In-house recycling and reuse, mainly of packaging materials and thermoplastics, reduced the amount of waste by 2,100 tons. ABB research and development paves the way for cities and industries of the future to become more sustainable, efficient, productive, cleaner, safer, resilient and less resource intensive. Bazmi Husain – Chief Technology Officer To increase transparency and drive improvement, in 2019 we started asking our sites to be more specific about how their general waste was disposed. This approach revealed that more than 40 percent of the general waste ABB sent for disposal was subject to incineration with energy recovery (the conversion of non-recyclable waste materials into usable heat, electricity or fuel through a variety of processes). We also found a difference in how ABB sites around the world have been reporting on waste sent for incineration with energy recovery: In 2018, around 75 percent was reported as disposed and some 25 percent as recycled. We believe this practice has been the same since we started measuring this statistic in 2013. Using the new, more precise method of reporting of waste disposed as the basis for the KPI would give a 13.5 percent reduction, as shown by the solid line in the “Waste and recycling” graph.More than one hundred recycling and waste reduction projects were underway at ABB in 2019, bringing huge benefits to our operations. For example, ABB Composites in Sweden saved 76 tons of silicone by reducing the scrap rate, which cut our costs by $550,000 per year. And our site in Schaffhausen, Switzerland, started recycling plastic granulate in their molding process, reducing material use by 10 tons and saving $80,000 per year. Steel, copper, aluminum, oil and plastics make up the majority of materials used in our products. Most of these materials are reclaimable at the end of a product’s life, and we deliberately design ABB products to be recycled; almost all of our products come with recycling instructions and can be dismantled easily. In addition, our facilities across the world take it upon themselves to innovate and improve manufacturing processes and recycling to address waste reduction. All ABB sites are required to analyze their waste management practices and work with their waste management vendors to optimize recycling options. In 2019, our High Voltage Direct Current (HVDC) power transmission business, while reviewing its environmental policies, boosted this waste management effort as it began pursuing a “Lean HVDC” concept that will reduce the use of materials and waste in the design of its converter stations. Across ABB, we have also taken steps to implement the principles of the circular economy to reduce waste. Using this approach, the Motion business in 2019 entered a new collaboration with Stena Recycling that will recycle end-of-life motors in a way that enables better separation of metals. By recycling aluminum, copper and iron, we save up to 95 percent of the energy it takes to produce those metals conventionally. These recycled metals will also be sold locally if possible, to further reduce carbon emissions. The application of ABB’s digital sensors to existing electric motors can further support the circular economy by enabling predictive maintenance that keeps them in use, optimizing energy efficiency and fostering an understanding of the real cost of ownership. To support the achievement of our waste reduction target in 2019, we continued to share best practices across ABB and provided further guidance on how to reduce waste generation and increase recycling rates.We expect everybody who works for ABB, either directly as an employee or indirectly in our supply chain, to respect each individual’s human rights. ABB fully acknowledges its responsibility to respect human rights as expressed in the International Bill of Human Rights and is committed to implementing the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGP) throughout its operations. The ABB Supplier Code of Conduct, the ABB Policy Combating Trafficking in Persons and the ABB Human Rights policy and statement make clear that there is no place in ABB or within the operations of our contractors and suppliers for modern slavery or human trafficking. In maintaining our social license to operate, it is vital for us to engage with stakeholders on labor and human rights issues. ABB interacts with a wide variety of stakeholders to understand their expectations and improve our performance. Major human rights issues of interest to our external stakeholders include conflict minerals, child labor, human trafficking and modern slavery, and diversity and inclusion. Our goal is for human rights to be well understood and managed in all ABB operations along the value chain and integrated into ABB’s daily business by the end of 2020. To achieve this goal, we have undertaken initiatives focused on capacity building, risk identification, performance improvement in our supplier base and limiting exposure to conflict minerals. Capacity building underpins our ability to identify risks and improve performance. So we set a target to run at least two training campaigns per year, focused on employees whose roles specifically expose them to human rights risks. We met this target in 2019 with a pair of initiatives that focused on developing our human rights champions network and providing human rights awareness training for senior managers. The human rights champions network aims to ensure we have qualified employees who can advise our businesses on how to identify, mitigate and avoid human rights risks. In 2019, a total of 83 champions representing all of ABB’s global business lines completed a detailed curriculum. Additional champions will be selected and trained in 2020.", "Link": "https://new.abb.com/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "AB Clima sro", "Number of employees": 25, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AGC Automotive Czech as", "Number of employees": 1000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Financially, with equipment or with gifts, we support dozens of organizations around our manufacturing facility. Every year, we distribute almost a million crowns among non-profit projects to support the region. Here are some examples of supported actions and projects. The flagship of our support for technical education is the Technowizz competition for secondary and vocational schools. However, it is not the only activity. We have also been cooperating with technical universities in Liberec and Ústí nad Labem or with ČVUT in Prague.", "Link": "http://www.agcautomotive.cz/cs/spolecenska-odpovednost/"}
{"Company Name": "AGEL as", "Number of employees": 9990, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AGENTURA FALA sro", "Number of employees": 20, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AGF Food Logistics", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AGROFERT as", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Moreover, a very wide range of business activities also enables people living with different forms of disability to work. Those companies which, due to their focus or form of work, are not able to employ persons with disabilities use at least the “substitute performance”, which takes the form of purchasing products or services provided by sheltered workshops. At the same time, individual companies across the whole Group support the individual charity and volunteer actions of employees, whether that be cleaning public spaces or helping in senior homes. In these activities, the companies support their employees through the possibility of volunteering during working hours or by material or financial means. Every year, the AGROFERT Foundation awards the volunteer and extra-work community service of its employees with the “Helping by Heart” award. The Foundation also regularly organises Christmas gift collections among the AGROFERT Group employees. They buy gifts for the children of single parents who, due to their economic situation, cannot afford to fulfil the wishes of their children. In 2018, the AGROFERT employees donated 550 Christmas gifts through a collection. In the AGROFERT Group companies, the principle of an equal approach to both sexes applies. Although the aim is to achieve a balanced number of women and men among the employees, this is unfortunately not possible due to the nature of the business activities in which individual companies operate. The disproportion is particularly evident in the areas of the chemical industry, agriculture and engineering and technologies. These fields have often been very physically demanding and have attracted more male worker. The areas of technical and economic management of the companies, bakery and food production as a whole, livestock care and laboratory activities are the opposite examples with a significantly higher proportion of women. It is worth mentioning that this division illustrates well the freedom of choice of study and future career among the new generation of employees.In addition, the AGROFERT Group is fully aware that as the leader in a number of areas it bears part of the responsibility for the state of the business environment in the Czech Republic. Although the public, in particular in recent years, has often encountered information that tries to give the impression that AGROFERT is not running its businesses in accordance with the applicable rules, this is merely manipulation. A number of the cases associated with the AGROFERT Group have resulted in the clearing of the AGROFERT Group or the persons concerned of the issue. The problem, however, is that the media are not interested in informing the public about this result. It is all the more important that all employees and companies of the AGROFERT Group comply with the Code of Ethics and, in particular, comply with the applicable laws. Obviously, there may be situations where an individual or company commits errors, which can never be ruled out 100%. However, for these cases, the AGROFERT Group has established a unified procedure for their solution and the adoption of such measures that will prevent the repetition of errors in the future. The aim of the AGROFERT Group is to face possible problems, learn from them and prevent their occurrence. Transparent business is also a necessary prerequisite for good relations with business partners. A fair and equal approach is expected in these mutual relations. Such business activity is obvious because the individual companies of the AGROFERT Group are under the constant scrutiny of the financial administration, auditors, veterinary administration and other bodies. They continuously monitor the management systems, financial transactions, tax compliance, compliance with occupational safety and quality control of production and its overall environmental impact. In the area of prevention of risks related to business activities, the individual companies of the AGROFERT Group use risk and quality management systems, as well as internal audit and regular controlling services. The central purchasing system is an important part of a transparent approach to business. This system ensures a level playing field for all suppliers and at the same time enables reducing the cost of purchasing materials, goods and services for the individual AGROFERT companies. The AGROFERT Group is one of the largest domestic private business entities. All of the companies’ responsibility to create a business environment in the locations in which they operate is part of the strategic approach to business of them all. This is also linked to the environment, community and the environment, which is influenced to different extents by the activities of the companies.Therefore, the AGROFERT Foundation was established in 2011. It consolidated partial charitable or publicly beneficial activities of the companies, covered them with a comprehensive approach and gradually defined the main areas of support. Since its foundation, the individual companies have invested hundreds of millions of crowns in the AGROFERT Foundation. The financial means serve as a source for funds to help single parents, disabled people, seniors or volunteer and professional fire brigades. In addition, the AGROFERT Foundation also directly supports organisations that further assist specific individuals. From the grant funds for organisations, the money goes to the purchase of equipment, assistive products or educational aids, to support mobile hospice care or, for example, to cover the costs associated with the functioning of the supported entities. This includes the reimbursement of labour costs, rent payments and energy payments. Such a form of assistance is still unusual in Czech conditions. The reason is that it is difficult to present publicly, for example in photographs. However, it is often a crucial aid for supported organisations, without which they would not be able to perform their activities at all. The AGROFERT Foundation announces the grant procedures to help the widest possible range of people of all age categories. From children, adults to seniors or the dying who need hospice care. The AGROFERT Foundation also cooperates with the Czech Philharmonic on the implementation of the Music to Schools project. This activity aims to popularise music education in Czech schools. It is also a platform for music teachers to meet and inspire each other. Throughout the Czech Republic, AGROFERT Foundation sports centres have been in operation for several years: there are more than 100, which provide sports facilities for a nominal fee for more than 3,000 children.The chemical industry has long been one of the basic pillars of the AGROFERT Group's activities. Individual chemical manufacturing plants in their regions are important corporate entities and leading employers. Of course, this status also involves their relationship to social responsibility. Partial activities carried out by chemical manufacturing companies in this area are focused primarily on mitigating the environmental impacts of production, continuous greening of operations, saving energy and material resources used, and on continuously improving the working conditions of employees. Recycling and low-waste management have also been an important issue in recent times. Chemical production operations also focus on targeted improvement solutions for water management in response to climate change. The situation in the labour market in the Czech Republic in 2018 did not change much compared to previous years, so the chemical production plants of the AGROFERT Group faced a number of challenges in the field of human resources work. In particular, they faced a low number of job seekers and declining numbers of chemical and technical graduates. Chemical production companies tried to face this situation mainly through cooperation with schools, in the form of visits, internships and participation in diploma theses, as well as participation in the competition Looking for the Best Young Chemist in the Czech Republic. Due to unfavourable labour market developments, individual companies in 2018 focused on their own employees. They continued their further development, especially in the area of professional competencies, in the form of training or courses. In addition, employee benefit systems were developed. The Group strategy is also to invest in energy and resource savings in the long term. In 2018, this was also reflected in the business activities of the companies in the chemical production segment. These focused mainly on the areas of reducing the energy intensity of their business, material savings and waste recovery solutions, the disposal of historical environmental burdens, improving water management, and technical and technological innovations.Due to the nature of their production, it is clear that companies running in the field of chemistry significantly influence their surroundings. Therefore, each company's management strategy also includes a responsible approach to the environment and communities adjacent to each operation.The strategic steps of responsible behaviour aim, in particular, at continually improving production processes, streamlining production processes, handling materials, finished products and packaging, as well as an effort to produce the lowest possible volume of waste, reusing it in the production process if technology and quality standards allow. Considerate approaches are also applied in the area of energy consumption and inputs which are used in the production process, but not always consumed. Such inputs include, for example, water. Water management was also one of the priority issues in 2018 due to the increasing impact of climate change on the Czech Republic. The pursuit of considerate behaviour by companies not only brings the necessity of a number of measures, but also brings possibilities of long-term financial savings. Therefore, chemical production plants perceive these activities as an opportunity for further development. The production companies in the field of chemistry comply with the principles of environmental production management and with the requirements for meeting ISO standards and are subject to regular inspections by public administration institutions. The aim of these elements is to mitigate the impacts of the plants’ activities on the environment, surrounding communities and employees using strategic and managed actions. The plants, among other things, aim to be good neighbours for citizens living around individual plants. Companies are also aware of their responsibility for the social status of the localities where they operate. Therefore, they purposefully support local associations, sports clubs, charity organisations and children's clubs and interest groups. The activities of these entities are beneficial for the full functioning of human settlements in the vicinity of the chemical plants. In addition to the above-mentioned activities, the chemical companies of the AGROFERT Group also support the volunteer activities of their employees, who, for example, help in hospices and senior homes. The interest of the companies in the active life of their own employees is not put to one side. In 2018, the AGROFERT Run series of running races, support for cycling sport and organisation of blood donation continued. Many of these and other activities were supported in the form of financial or material donations.", "Link": "https://www.agrofert.cz/sites/default/files/prilohy/csr_agrofert_2018_eng-e.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "AGROTEC as", "Number of employees": 4000, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Air Bank as", "Number of employees": 100, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AIR PRODUCTS, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability has a high priority in everything we do We are here to solve the most demanding tasks for our customers . We strive to understand the real needs thoroughly and then apply the optimum technological or gas solution creatively. Our customers will see increased productivity, improved product quality, reduced energy consumption and reduced emissions. Simply put, our offerings and expert help enable them to increase sustainability. We take great care to protect the environment . We set bold environmental performance targets and monitor progress to continually improve our operations. We are proud to have joined hundreds of communities around the world , building partnerships, helping to sustain growth and contributing to common goals. As colleagues, we motivate ourselves to succeed by working together on challenges that are challenging and bring about change . n terms of sustainability, society must be transparent about its impact on people and the environment, what it does to reduce those impacts, and how its business helps others do the same. The sustainability indices listed here are the results of an external evaluation of how we are making progress and how we share our company's results with the world.Air Products does not compromise on its commitment to safety, health and the environment. Our company is committed to improving its security performance every day around the world. Our company works to eliminate injuries, prevent adverse environmental and health impacts and reduce waste and emissions in our facilities.Taking care of the communities in which its employees and neighbors live and work is a long-term commitment that Air Products takes seriously. Our company believes in a healthy and stable community for its employees, friends and neighbors, so it helps them every day through innovative programs and partnerships. As a global company employing approximately 16,000 people worldwide, we feel a corporate citizen's responsibility to serve others, so we value the role our society plays in communities where it is needed. Responsibility of our company to serve The stronger the local community, the stronger and more stable the platform that enables us to do business. We continue to act as a good neighbor, demonstrating our commitment to ensuring a healthy and vital community where we operate and live. Our plant management and other staff regularly communicate with stakeholders and ask for feedback on our processes and procedures, the safe use of our products, and major community issues.", "Link": "http://www.airproducts.cz/Company/Sustainability.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "AKT plastikarska technologie Cechy, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Albert Czech Republic, sro", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The responsible company is not only concerned with production and trade, but also takes into account the wider social impact of its business and seeks to influence it positively to the general benefit of all people on the planet as a whole. As one of our main promises, we have set ourselves to be a better neighbor for others. This promise lies in linking social responsibility with our daily business. This means, in other words, that we behave responsibly to our surroundings, customers and employees. We also support projects that deserve attention so that we all live better today and in the future. We contribute to a quality community life Our Albert Endowment Fund has been helping us in the long term to support local communities, especially in the area related to healthy nutrition ( Healthy 5 ), but also in integrating children from children's homes into everyday life. Equally important is the cooperation with the food bank , which currently involves more than twenty of our hypermarkets. Products from responsible sources We emphasize products that are environmentally friendly ( UTZ certificate , coffee, cocoa), animals, and whose production complies with social and ethical codes. We also thoroughly sort waste and save energy, not only during operations, but also in store remodeling, contributing to market sustainability and environmental protection. We care about the environment Our company operates efficiently with respect to the environment. As a large company, one of the largest employers in the country, we feel responsible for the quality of the environment in which we live. As part of our daily activities, we strive to save energy, which is the focus of several of our projects. Of course, our business is also consistent waste sorting at stores, distribution centers and the company headquarters. Healthy lifestyle We provide professional counseling and free education for children and their parents on healthy lifestyles, including healthy eating ( Healthy 5 Program ). We also pay attention to a healthy lifestyle for our employees, so we offer them a MultiSport card as part of their corporate benefits. Thanks to this, our employees can visit hundreds of relaxation and sports facilities throughout the country. We strive to simplify the selection of healthy foods for our customers and employees by not only seeing our own brand products on the I know what I eat logo. All activities and procedures within the corporate social responsibility of Ahold Czech Republic, as are based on the mission and vision of the Global Ahold Group and are an integral part of the organization's social, environmental and economic management strategy. It is carried out by company employees voluntarily and beyond legal obligations, with the motivation to contribute to improving conditions in our own company and in the environment in which we do business. The National Action Plan of Corporate Social Responsibility in the Czech Republic defines corporate social responsibility as \"the responsibility of organizations for the impact of their activities on the surrounding society.\" jobs, cultural, national and political diversity, equal access to employees, lifelong learning, preventing environmental pollution, using renewable resources, saving energy, water and other resources, combating corruption, transparency or the quality of products and services. Corporate responsibility strategy: Ahold's strategy is based on sustainable and responsible business - the way we do business, our belief in our values ​​and doing what is right for our customers, our own employees and the environment in which we do business. We support the health and satisfaction of our customers, employees and communities, selling products that are manufactured and delivered in a sustainable way. Our employees are motivated to apply responsible retail principles in their daily work. We achieve the image of a responsible trader with a balanced set of clear ambitions, goals and steps in the four pillars of corporate responsibility: healthy life, climate protection, sustainable trade, involvement in communities. These four pillars are based on the responsible, motivated and committed work of our people - which is de facto the fifth pillar.", "Link": "https://www.albert.cz/o-nas/spolecenska-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "Alca plast sro", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Alfmeier CZ sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We act responsibly. The quality of our products and processes, as well as the friendly and sustainable use of existing resources are at the heart of our actions. By living and implementing our company policy, we aspire to be a role model in all areas in terms of quality, environmental impact, energy efficiency, reliability and the precision of our products, services and processes. Social responsibility We promote the individual skills of our employees in the context of in-house and external training and individual development measures. Further, we provide each employee with a company pension plan. Since 2014, we have helped our employed mothers and fathers with a holiday childcare on site at the Treuchtlingen location. At the beginning of 2015, we launched a campaign focusing on active health management. We are a reliable and responsible partner with high quality standards and the high level of commitment related to environmental protection. We focus on the following five principles: Orientation to the customer and environmental protection The principle of continuous improvement Every individual is responsible for quality and environmental protection Prevention of error before error detection Quality and environmental protection as a company-wide task For us, quality is also inseparably connected with the moderate handling of the resources available to us and protection of our environment. Quality sets us apart from other suppliers; it is also the basis of our economic success. Through the commitment of our employees, we try to find the best organizational and technical solutions possible. The overall quality includes environmental protection. The basis for the environmental protection and its success is the responsible behavior of the individual. Preventive environmental and energy-related issues are addressed through organizational and technical measures already in the design of the processes. All operational procedures and responsibilities are organized so that their implementation attains three certified systems: Quality management, environmental management and energy management.", "Link": "https://www.alfmeier.de/en/company/responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Alliance Healthcare Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "orld Cancer Day, Alliance Healthcare in the UK launched its involvement in the Alliance Healthcare Games. What are Alliance Healthcare Games? Starting in October 2019, businesses across Alliance Healthcare will take part in a challenge to champion a healthier and happier life, through fundraising activities for cancer charities including the EORTC (European Orgnaisation of Research and Treatment of Cancer). France, Turkey, Netherlands, Alloga UK have taken part in the exciting event, and now Alliance Healthcare UK will commence its own challenge! What is Alliance Healthcare UK organising? Team members across 21 sites in the Alliance Healthcare UK network will take part in The Great UK Hike! Sites are taking part in organised lunchtime walks, weekend strolls, dog walks, cycle activities, runs and football games to cover the miles required. Collectively the teams are hoping to reach 7,723 miles – the distance of Britain's coastline. Miles Counter Community Helping the fight against cancer! Since 2012, we've raised and donated over £900,000 for the European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer (EORTC) Cancer Research Fund. Through the dedication of our employees and generous support from our customers, suppliers and partners our events, such as the The Alliance Healthcare Championship, raise vital funds to help fight cancer. There's more Our teams have also taken part in challenges such as a Kayak Challenge, Triathlon, London-Paris Velodrome cycle, and individual Marathon events to raise funds for cancer charities such as CLIC Sargent, Breast Cancer Care, Prostate Cancer UK, Macmillan Cancer Support and Action Medical Research. Helping to eliminate child malnutrition In 2019, we announced our partnership with Vitamin Angels and together will help children around the world and here in the UK with life-changing vitamins and minerals to combat malnutrition. Find out more details on our partnership here, or watch the viedo by clicking here! International aid Over the past 13 years Alliance Healthcare has provided medical supplies for disaster relief and refugee camps through International Health Partners (IHP), Europe's largest coordinator of donated medicines. In 2018 Alliance Healthcare UK and Alloga UK donated more than £44,000 in cash and medical supplies to IHP*. Our products are used to create Essential Health Packs including antibiotics, analgesics, anti-inflammatories and anti-fungals all cricital in front line care. *Fiscal year 2018 based on cash value Workplace Alliance Healthcare is dedicated to providing a healthy, happy work environment built on dignity and respect for all its employees and supporting individuals personal health and wellbeing. Employee health and wellbeing Through our partnership with Lifeworks – the employee assistance programme providing 24/7 counselling and support - we are committed to proactively supporting the to personal health and wellbeing of our employees. Diversity and inclusion Our vision is to create a culture where diversity and inclusion are at the centre of everything we do and where we value the differences that a diverse workforce brings in powering greater collaboration and innovation. As an equal opportunities employer we are on a mission to attract, develop and engage employees who reflect the diverse customers, patients and communities we serve, and to foster an inclusive culture where everyone feels respected, valued and engaged in driving superior business performance. Our Equality and Wellbeing Committee are helping to shape the future of our business. In March 2019, we published our second Gender Pay Gap Report (2018) - another positive step forward in our drive to reduce inequalitieis in the workplace. Read our Gender Pay Gap Report (2017). Health and safety We continuously improve our robust approach to health and safety, actively caring for our colleagues and customers, throughout the Company. Investors in People Alliance Healthcare is proud to be accredited Investors in People since 2007 and we continue to build our credentials. We now have three parts of our business with Investors in People accreditation: Alloga: one of the UK's leading pre-wholesale and contract logistics companies achieved Investors in People Gold in June 2017 Skills in Healthcare: the contract sales arm of Alliance Healthcare achieved Platinum status in June 2019 and Central Operations team: awarded Investors in People ‘Standard' accreditation in May 2019. Marketplace Doing the right thing We aim to do business fairly and with integrity and support the Company Marketplace activities. We adhere to the Walgreens Boots Alliance 2018 modern slavery and human trafficking statement, found here. Supporting the healthcare industry We're continuing our support for Public Health England (PHE) by delivering its campaign materials and toolkits to pharmacists in England. We're dedicated to supporting the future of the pharmacy industry by partnering with the British Pharmaceutical Students Association (BPSA) to support the annual BPSA Conference and Future of Pharmacy competition. In 2016, Mike Smith, Alliance Healthcare non-executive advisor was awarded Honorary Life Membership of the BPSA and continues to support the organisation with regular presentations at universities across the UK. Environment We're protecting the environment for future generations. From our fleet of 1,100 vehicles to the printers in our offices we're finding ways to reduce our carbon footprint. Across our fleet we've fitted Lightfoot – an in-cab technology systems and rewards platform that encourages and enables drivers to adopt a smoother driving style, which helps reduce risks, increase fuel efficiency and lower harmful emissions. Since June 2017, we've saved 878,872 pages of paper by putting price lists online and reducing the number of letters we send. We have contracts to purchase electricity generated from renewable origins. All electricity that we purchase directly through the utility grid is certified as renewable.To ensure good governance, and to recognise and reward individuals who cover the most distance, we are encouraging all participants to track their distance using Strave ®. You can stay updated with our live mile counter – see below:", "Link": "https://www.alliance-healthcare.co.uk/about-us/our-csr-activities"}
{"Company Name": "Allianz Partners", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "At Allianz Partners we extend our helping nature beyond business. We work hard to help our local communities and those beyond where we work. Each of our offices has a commitment to CSR, driven either by the business or by the employees themselves. We empower our employees to make a positive impact by offering flexible work structures, allowing people to take time off work for social responsibility activities. We believe in looking after our planet. As one of the world’s largest insurance and assistance companies, we have a duty to act responsibly and sustainably in everything we do. NEXtCARE supports Diabetes Awareness, Dubai Autism Center, blood donation and a healthy lifestyle. Allianz Partners USA continues Angel Tree support, bringing a wonderful Christmas to families in Virginia. Allianz Partners USA organizes various volunteer opportunities during National Volunteer week. Allianz Partners Canada donates travel insurance to children’s charity Dreams Take Flight", "Link": "https://www.allianz-partners.com/en_US/who-we-are/social-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "Allium, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ALLTOYS, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ALO jewelry CZ, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ALPHA CALLIGRAPHIC RESEARCH CAMBRIDGE LIMITED ALPHA CALLIGRAPHIC RESEARCH CAMBRIDGE", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ALPINE PRO as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Alpiq Services CZ sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We care about the environment Clean energy Alpiq, like a number of companies, is committed to providing affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy sources. We produce electricity from hydro, nuclear and renewable sources. In 2019, only two coal-fired power plants Kladno and Zlín were sold, thanks to which we reduce the carbon footprint of our power plant portfolio by more than 60 percent. Ecological recycling We are involved in the Green Company project, which focuses primarily on the collection of old corporate electrical equipment and batteries. During 2019 we managed to ecologically dispose of 412 kg of electrical waste. A common part of our daily life in Prague's Alpiqu is of course sorting waste. Reducing the consumption of plastics In recent years, we have replaced the water in plastic bottles with installed long-life water dispensers. This gives employees access to filtered water without increasing plastic consumption. We do not use disposable plastic dishes in the workplace either. We take care of our employees, rk-life balance People depend on the functioning of every company. We are also aware of the need to care for our people. We strive to make us feel at home. We emphasize the right balance between work and leisure. Satisfied and committed people are the basis of our success. We are constantly investing in our work environment. The office has created a quiet relaxation zone, which serves us to relax and create inner well-being. In the active fun zone with ping-pong, darts and table football, we can test our playing skills or work out on the trapeze and wall bars. Together we practice yoga. We then treat the tense muscles on a massage chair. Yoga, physiotherapy and dance lessons in the workplace are other activities that help us to balance the body and mind and induce a good mood. We also take care of our personal development - during Mindfulness courses, we focus our attention on inner calm and subsequent more effective cooperation with colleagues. Flexible working conditions We strive to ensure that even employees on maternity leave enjoy favorable working conditions. We continue to invite them to corporate events such as Children's Day to be part of the team. We also support employees after parental leave and their return to the working environment - by mutual agreement we allow them flexible working hours or work from home. We also contribute to our employees' important milestones, such as the birth of a child, a wedding and, of course, for company loyalty. We support charity activities At Alpiqu we hold charity Christmas and Easter fairs, which are very popular among our employees. In addition to making our loved ones happy by buying products from sheltered workshops, we also support non-profit organizations. In this respect, we traditionally cooperate with the Sun Endowment Fund for All and a non-profit organization for people with disabilities Letohrádek Vendula. In 2019, a new cooperation was established with MELA, which offers support and assistance to people with mental or multiple disabilities. In recent years, employees have also contributed to nonprofits by voluntarily giving up a Christmas present in their favor. Non-profit organizations that could benefit from the good deeds of colleagues are the Senorina Endowment Fund and the Animal in Need. We contribute to the environment around us by volunteering We take care of nature not only by its ecological approach to waste, but as people we are willing to put our hands on the work. A repeated volunteer event organized by Alpiq is a trip to the Šumava National Park. There we help with the construction of wooden water dams, which contribute to the maintenance of the Šumava ecosystems. We also helped with the maintenance of the gardens of chateaux Karlštejn, Hrubý Rohozec, Veltrusy and Žleby and at the Animal Rescue Station in Hrachov with repairs to their premises. This year we again supported the Prague Zoo with an adoptive contribution to one of the animals that the zoo takes care of. Thanks to this we can visit the zoo during the year.", "Link": "https://www.alpiq.com/cz-cs/spolecenska-odpovednost/"}
{"Company Name": "ALS, sro", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "The ALS Czech Republic Environmental Division specializes in monitoring and analysis of environmental components in a wide range of sample types. We provide our services throughout the Czech Republic. In our state-of-the-art laboratories, we perform chemical, physical, inorganic, organic, radiological, microbiological and toxicological analyzes according to the relevant Czech legislation and customer requirements. We offer: water analyzes ( drinking water , pool water , bottled water , waste water ,…) analyzes of waste soil analyzes (arable land, soil…) air analyzes (emissions, immissions) analyzes of solid materials ( industrial products , premium analyzes (dioxins, asbestos, pesticides ...) analyzes of fuels etc. OUR SERVICES ARE DESIGNED: Companies operating in the field of waste management, hydrogeology, remediation, ecology, environmental monitoring, technical services, construction, recycling, facility management, industry, agriculture, water management (WWTP, VAK), emission measurement, Self-employed and entrepreneurs operating hotels, boarding houses, hostels, restaurants, swimming pools, swimming pools, etc. to fulfill legal obligations regarding water quality monitoring Municipalities managing municipal water supply, WWTP, technical services, etc. Households with their own source of drinking water, swimming pool, WWTP, etc. ANOTHER SERVICES Accredited sampling by certified samplers Non-stop reception of samples at the headquarters in Prague Free sample cards and sample logistics Online results, mobile results High laboratory capacity Seminars, tailor-made training courses, client days Consulting line OUR ADDED VALUE Operations in 11 cities in the Czech Republic Quality and reliable data Transfer data to your database Evaluation according to selected decrees Continuous updating of analyzes when legislation is changed Client information protection, confidentiality Storage and disposal of samples", "Link": "https://www.alsglobal.cz/zivotni-prostredi"}
{"Company Name": "Altersis sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "Since its creation, ALTERSIS has seen remarkable growth due to the quality of its services and its employees, its ethics and its values, but also the number of engineers that have wanted to join us. Today, it is still our ambition to carry on growing our human resources by continuing to recruit.The special nature of the ALTERSIS Group is based on sharing basic human values, inspired by the moral code for Judo: Respect, Pride, Honesty, Cohesion, and Commitment. So the value placed on People is at the heart of our growth. RESPECT This comes from an open dialogue with employees on the choice of assignments, the geographical area where the business is active and the desired career orientation, with supporting professional training. For us, respect also comes from being close and monitoring our employees: Induction programme, Quarterly assignment monitoring interviews, Professional and career interviews. This monitoring never stops developing; its aim is to give our company a continuous improvement dynamic. HONESTY This is, above all, transparency in the way we operate, from making contact with applicants through to monitoring our employees, including internal organisation and projects in tune with the life of our company. COMMITMENT Being committed is reflected in the strength of our desire, both in our words and in our actions. For example, we are committed to a future where young graduates fill tomorrow’s jobs by: regularly welcoming interns, contacts with schools and participating in the APEC springboard for youth. Beyond that, we act to fight against discrimination in the workplace: we are signatories to the diversity charter, we take part in forums focusing on a senior audience and more recently we organised a theme day at our offices on male/female equality in the workplace. COHESION Our aim is to develop, preserve and maintain a sense of belonging and team spirit. Cohesion creates a strong internal dynamic between employees through social events: After-work get-togethers, skiing trips, summer excursions, branch meetings, etc. Sport, an excellent uniting activity, is an integral part of our activities and our philosophy. PRIDE We are proud to provide our employees and job applicants recognised human resources management with a more human face. We are proud of our employees and the satisfaction that they give customers through their talent and know-how.", "Link": "https://www.altersis.com/en/our-values/"}
{"Company Name": "ALTRO Management Consultants Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ALTRON as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We build corporate culture on the satisfaction of our customers and employees In addition to official activities, whether educational or working, we prepare social or sporting events for employees and / or family members at approximately three-month intervals. We also involve colleagues from branches outside the Czech Republic in these activities. In order for us to be truly satisfied with our work and to be able to handle all and the most complex tasks from our clients at all times and under all conditions, we follow the following internal rules at Altron: We think and behave like entrepreneurs Cleverly and without shortcuts to success. Our activities are focused on well thought out and perfectly prepared projects and work activities. We never perform any activities that are unprofitable and have no other defined benefit. By continuously measuring performance at all levels of our organizational structure and then analyzing the results obtained, we ensure a fair evaluation of all employees. This helps to maximize the efficiency of our work. We celebrate every success. We constantly listen to our colleagues and try to make their working environment and conditions more pleasant, we are interested in their personal needs and we give them enough space to solve their personal problems. We are proactive Diligence is the basic building block. Passive employees are a big threat to business and their long-term presence in the company can be very dangerous. It is very undesirable that we take on the role of mere fillers. Apart from the independent and flawless fulfillment of the assigned tasks, each of us independently and proactively helps to develop and improve other work processes. We willingly and voluntarily help solve problems related to our business. Innovation We are constantly working on ourselves. We realize the need for continuous improvement. Not only in terms of products and workflows, but also at the personal level of each of us. Last but not least, we try to improve our mutual cooperation, constantly looking for new personalities to strengthen our team. For our business we use to the maximum extent possible (but with reason) modern technologies and procedures so that we can achieve maximum performance in the shortest possible time and with minimal resources and resources. We are united We are one team. We have great respect for the work of our colleagues, so we strive to follow the principles of effective teamwork so as not to cause unnecessary losses due to personal antipathy or hesitation or poor communication and coordination. We always make important and extensive changes in a team. We are looking for common solutions that are beneficial for all of us. We never compromise. We play fair We do not cheat and in all circumstances we play an honest game. We never and in any way violate any applicable laws and legislation in our business. We also strictly require such an approach from all of our business partners. We shape the corporate image Altron at a glance. We have been building the image of a reliable and prosperous company in the long term. We consider the perception of people, our clients and partners, how they admire us, how they admire us, how they evaluate us, as an essential parameter for success. We are also active in social life. We regularly participate in charity events, we support youth. Responsibility We realize that as a provider of ICT products, services and solutions, we have an impact on the development and education of modern society and the quality of its life. This obliges us to behave responsibly and fairly towards our partners, the public sector and citizens - both in economic, environmental and social terms. In the economic field we have clear ethical standards of business, relationships with business partners and employee behavior - these principles are enshrined in the code of ethics we pay attention to maintaining professionalism of employees as well as processes and working conditions supporting their satisfaction we pay attention to the fulfillment of corporate obligations towards corporate clients and public administration We offer and supply products and services with high technical and economic value to customers In the environmental field we develop DC technologies that minimize CO2 emissions, in our case above all the state-of-the-art technology of cooling and power we develop ICT solutions that have ecological and economic benefits for the customer of course we have ISO 14000 In the social field we focus our attention on the needs of people around us that we can satisfactorily satisfy due to the nature and nature of our activities, such as: development of technically oriented young people - specifically in DDM Prague competition in secondary school professional activities (SOČ) and international competition in programming of robotic models (FLL) assistance in restarting people disadvantaged in the labor market - cooperation with the Brno social enterprise Bajkazyl we create opportunities to meet the internal needs of employees in the corporate volunteering project we help the patients in the form of financial donations and support the activities of their organization - specifically the Club of cystic fibrosis patients", "Link": "https://www.altron.net/nase-hodnoty"}
{"Company Name": "Alza.cz as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ANECT as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We are expected to deliver professional results. A high level of individual self-responsibility means people realize the set standard brings about a relatively high level of individual freedom and very little micromanagement. Delivered results are what counts, they are not the results of individuals but of the whole team which can, naturally, watch quality. In ANECT, we can look back and say we have done a good job. On top of that, your colleague will tap your shoulder because a direct drive can be appreciated in ANECT. I definitely enjoy the work flexibility in ANECT because I can organize my working time by myself.Innovate or Die A platform where we think about what other products and services we can grab, build, and offer on the market so that they would reflect our focus and expertise. In this, we rely on ideas of our people. All this is based on our vision: Innovations - Benefits - Simplification. We constantly look for new niche markets because we are aware we have to keep pace. ANECT’s founder, Marek Řehák, said a while ago he would like it if everyone in ANECT dedicated at least 5% of their time to innovations and new ideas. There already exist finished products used by our customers which are based on several such ideas. We look for inspiration at our clients’, suppliers’, and we also go and seek inspiration at conferences abroad. Innovations are a direction which we will strengthen further on. Common Sense We do not forget the key value behind where ANECT is today is mainly hard work well done. Where do we see what we call work well done? In simplicity, self-responsibility for own tasks, and in common sense. We always think about what benefits we bring to our customers, whether we simplify their work and keep the promises we have given hem. As a consequence, we are clearly legible for our clients. Common sense is one of our other principles on which we, besides fairness, build in the long term. We do extremely interesting things with the top people. We have fun at it, it is complicated, it is risky, sometimes we fail, but we always bring it to the end because we are fighters. The direction of the company is set by neither managers nor by their bonuses. We are a stable successful company whose direction is set by our clients and their needs. In the end, the bottom line is measured in numbers, but also by smiles of our customers. We can react flexibly, adapt quickly, and implement solutions our customers need. We rely on experience and dynamics, we are well trained by our clients. Mainly customers from the enterprise world request we have internal rules, we have just enough of them not to burden us or to hinder our work.High Standard A high standard is not only about results but mainly about people who are in ANECT. All around us, we have professionals who constantly educate themselves and are interested in innovations in their fields. At the same time, they are people with a character. In ANECT, we appreciate that and we know it is, at the end of the day, more substantial. Reliability, the desire to work and learn are more important for us than certificates in their CVs. It is also for this that we are able to stand behind our people 100%.Environment for Cooperation The distance from each other is the same as the distance from one corner of the office to the other one. Sometimes, this means from Prague to Brno, and vice versa. No-one sits somewhere on the top floor which they never leave, all year long. Quite the opposite, our CEO, Honza Zinek, started in ANECT as a Project Manager; he knows really well how difficult individual parts of a project might be and so he is always in close contact with his people. Together with the management, they set a target to move ANECT forward, they started “pressing” on innovations and created a unique innovation platform within which they work with internal ideas. It is mainly the need for new ideas, sharing experiences, and support for creativity which led to the move of our Prague office into new and modern premises. There is no dedicated workplace for any of us, we sit down wherever we want each and every day. There are no fixed workplaces, which supports team spirit and sharing know-how. For cooperation, the most modern technologies are used and, as a result, it is possible to work from anywhere.Opportunities for Young People We know we have to collaborate with the young generation. We realize that regarding the rapid changes technologies bring along, we have to able able to react to them flexibly in the broadest scope, to connect traditional views on infrastructure with modern approaches and innovative ideas; this can be achieved by linking long-term experts with the younger generation which has creative thinking. For this reason, we can meet the needs of young people really well: offer them education, certifications, interesting challenges, but mainly partnership approach and cooperation. People in ANECT behave to each other with respect and humility. There can be seen a great respect in dialogue and good balance between humanity and friendliness, humility and professionalism. We are persuaded no negative emotions come into fruition under the surface here. People respect each other. Stability and seniority, with respect to both knowledge and age, help create a safe atmosphere. We do not have any defined concrete values but if we had, respect and professionalism would definitely belong among them.", "Link": "https://www.cocuma.co/company/anect/"}
{"Company Name": "Anheuser-Busch InBev Czech Ltd.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "By supporting our direct farmers to be skilled, connected and financially empowered, we are helping them improve their productivity, their profitability, and their efficient use of natural resources, such as soil and water. We believe research, knowledge, technology and financing are the key to transforming agriculture at scale. We leverage these to advance agricultural development and measure our impact through yields, resource-efficiency, soil health and smallholder incomes. Research and Technology Our flagship platform, SmartBarley, was launched in 2013. SmartBarley leverages data, technology and insights to help more than 5,000 enrolled farmers improve their productivity and environmental performance. Today, SmartBarley is present in over 12 countries across five continents. We are committed to being at the forefront of malting barley research to help our farmers improve yields and reduce the resources they use. We have our own Research and Development center headquartered in the United States and more than 150 dedicated agronomists and researchers across the world who develop high-quality seeds and share best practices with farmers. Local for Local Beer is predominantly produced and consumed locally. Local sourcing remains a critical part of our business model in most of our key markets. We want to secure a resilient and high-quality supply of crops for decades to come. For example, our businesses in Africa have pioneered the use of under-commercialized local crops to create new affordable beer brands — like Eagle Lager, made with local sorghum in Uganda, and Impala, made with local cassava in Mozambique. This allows us to reach new consumers while increasing incomes for local smallholder farmers. Partnering for Success Because challenges in agriculture cannot be solved alone, we partner with a wide range of collaborators, including universities, tech start-ups, NGOs, governments and businesses. We depend on our farmers, and we are committed to catalyzing sustainable transformation — securing our supply chains, improving farmer livelihoods, and strengthening natural ecosystems — now and for the next 100+ years. [1] We have defined a “direct farmer” as a farmer who has signed a contract with us or who supplies us via a local cooperative or aggregator. We work with over 35,000 direct farmers across 13 countries and 5 continents to tackle challenges big and small. Together, we're improving lives and protecting natural resources around the world.Our Goal: By 2025, 100% of our communities in high-stress areas will have measurably improved water availability and quality. More than just a key ingredient in our beer, water is a critical resource for the economic, social and environmental well-being of our communities. We brew our beers at the highest level of water efficiency and we continually challenge ourselves to do even more.But the scale of the global water challenge is bigger than we are. That is why we are looking beyond our own operations and improving high-risk watersheds in the areas where we operate. Our ultimate goal is to ensure water access and quality for both our communities and our breweries. Doing this takes hard work and collaboration. Together with local authorities, other water users, and partners such as the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) and The Nature Conservancy (TNC), we continue to invest financial and technical resources into green infrastructure initiatives, conservation and reforestation projects, habitat restoration efforts, and improved water infrastructure. These partners share our belief that measurable impact at scale is the next frontier in water stewardship. With reliable benchmarks, we can drive meaningful improvements across all of our sites and share our knowledge with other companies, governments and partners.Our Goal: By 2025, 100% of our product will be in packaging that is returnable or made from majority recycled content. Responsibility for our product goes far beyond the last sip. We’re constantly looking for ways to increase the recycled materials in our packaging, to increase recycling rates around the world through the recovery and reuse of materials, to reduce the amount of material we use in our packaging, and to educate consumers on the importance of recycling.Our Progress Our packaging sustainability journey accelerated in 2012 with a commitment to remove 100,000 metric tons of packaging material globally. We are proud that we were able to exceed this goal in 2016, removing 146,000 metric tons of material from our packaging while maintaining the quality our consumers expect. What’s more, we’ve worked diligently in our breweries around the world to achieve an average 98% recycling rate. Our next challenge is to make sure all of our products are in packaging that is returnable or made from majority recycled content. We’re starting with a 46% baseline. To get there faster, we’re working with multiple partners, including the Ellen MacArthur Foundation, the Closed Loop Fund, and the Glass Recycling Coalition, as well as our peers, our consumers, our vertical operations, local governments, and our suppliers.Our Goal: By 2025, 100% of our purchased electricity will be from renewable sources and we will have a 25% reduction in CO2 emissions across our value chain. Brewing our beers is reliant on a healthy, natural environment, as well as on thriving communities. That’s why we’re striving for a world where natural resources are preserved for the future. In March 2017, we committed to secure 100% of our purchased electricity from renewable sources by 2025.We have made progress toward that goal with power purchase agreements (PPA) in several of our markets around the world. For example, in the United States our agreement with Enel Green Power resulted in the construction of the Thunder Ranch Wind Farm in Oklahoma. Today, about 50% of our U.S operations’ purchased electricity comes from renewables — enough to brew more than 20 billion 12 oz. servings of beer each year. In Mexico, home of our largest brewery in Zacatecas, our PPA with Iberdrola will allow us to meet all purchased electricity needs for production sites in the country. The electricity will be produced at a wind farm that is expected to begin operating in 2019, increasing the country’s wind and solar energy capacity by more than 5%. Around the world we have launched green logistics initiatives to reduce energy usage and emissions and have invested in low-emission transportation. In 2017, 96% of our global cooler purchases met the standards we set for eco-friendly coolers. Now we are going further — with a science-based target for carbon reduction across our value chain. Achieving this target will be the same as taking more than a million and a half cars off the road every year. Through renewable electricity use, brewing efficiency, green logistics programs, and new innovation, we are already reducing our impact. In fact, between 2012 and 2017 we reduced our total absolute energy usage by 10%. As we look to the future, we will invest in new technologies for our operations and work closely with our suppliers to help them reduce their own emissions.", "Link": "https://www.ab-inbev.com/sustainability/our-impact.html"}
{"Company Name": "Antal International sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ANTOLIN CZECH REPUBLIC", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "At Grupo Antolin it's not the goal, rather the path for reaching it. CSR is our essence and conduct as a Company, as persons, as suppliers, as clients, and as part of the society in which we live and carry out our activity.ENVIRONMENT ACCOUNTED FOR IN ALL PROCESS.Our environmental strategy is based upon a systematic inclusion of the Environment in all of our processes. We develop, manufacture and supply products with high added value with a lower impact on both the environment and our costs, so as to improve our competitiveness in the sector. Lines of action: Innovation process (reducing weight, biomaterials, natural fibers, etc.) Design of new products and manufacturing processes that efficiently use resources and energy. Search for recycling options for components at the end of their useful life. Our commitment to the Environment is proven by the following: New ISO 14001 certificated plants in 2013 are: Grupo Antolin-Magnesio (Spain), Grupo Antolin-Ostrava (Czech Republic), Grupo Antolin-Bratislava (Slovakia) y Grupo Antolin-Silao (El Derramadero, Mexico).OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY. Grupo Antolin a leading company in the design and manufacture of car interiors, declares its commitment to the Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) of its employees and therefore establishes the need to implement, develop and maintain updated a suitable management system. This commitment goes beyond strict compliance with the legislation in force since the objective is to protect, promote and optimize the occupational health, safety and welfare of the people who work in our organization. Grupo Antolin undertakes to: Comply with all legislation, regulations and other requirements that may apply to its activities, products, services and different stakeholders identified. Prevent any health damage or deterioration by promoting healthy environments and habits to increase the welfare of the people both in the workplace and outside it and in the community as a whole, on the basis of the epidemiological characteristics of each group. Integrate the OHS Management System into the management of the Group's organization,taking into account all the activities and stages of the processes, direct and indirect. Promote work on research into the design and development of processes and products that are safer and more ergonomic for the employees and customers. Assign the material and human resources necessary to achieve these objectives. Ensure the informing and training of the employees, as well as their participation in decisionmaking. Establish suitable communication channels within the Group to ensure that both the employees and their legal representatives and other stakeholders are aware of and understand their interactions and responsibilities in the Management of OHS. Encourage the continuous improvement of the OHS Management and Performance System. Make this policy available to all internal and external interested parties, so that they can be aware of it and apply it. Design of safer and more ergonomic processes and products in order to prevent injury and ill health of our employees and customers. Implementation of OH&S management system as a tool to control risks and optimize occupational health and safety. Promoting safe behavior of our employees in their daily activities. Our commitment to occupational health and safety is evidenced by the following data: 33 Grupo Antolin companies have achieved the certification certification until June 2019, 31 of them in OHSAS 18001 and 2 of them in ISO 45001. \"Healthy Company Program\" currently implemented in Grupo Antolin Headquarters, Technical-Commercial Offices and in most of the production plants. Reduction of -15.53% of the Overall Frequency Index in the first four months of 2019. VISION To be the leading car interiors company, creating value for our stakeholders VALUES Family Spirit - our identity People - key to success Innovation - the foundation of our future Passion - for a job well done Contribution - to the development of society", "Link": "https://www.grupoantolin.com/en/rsc-en"}
{"Company Name": "Aon Central and Eastern Europe Inc.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "At the heart of Aon’s work is a mission to empower economic and human possibility. The “why” of what we do matters. It matters to our clients. It matters to our colleagues. And it matters to the communities we operate in. By enabling organizations to take risks, we create positive social impact every day – driving innovation and economic growth, and helping millions of people recover and thrive in the face of adversity. Today, Aon’s ability to influence society for the better has never been greater. “We place $110 billion in risk premium each year, touch $4 trillion in global pension assets, and direct over $180 billion in health care premiums and equivalents on an annual basis,” says Christa Davies, Chief Financial Officer, Aon. Our work fundamentally impacts people around the world. “It’s the difference between keeping and losing a job, the chance to live a longer, more dignified and healthier life, and the ability to see opportunity rather than antagonism in an interconnected world,” says Eric Andersen, Chief Executive Officer, Aon Benfield. Aon’s Empower Results site gives just a few examples of how we create economic and human possibility every day. Examples like our work in sustainable energy, where our renewable solutions are accelerating investment in offshore wind farms and making clean sources of power more cost-effective. Or our work in Cambodia, where Aon’s ImpactOnDemand software – originally designed to help businesses forecast weather risks – is enabling more effective deployment of humanitarian aid after natural disasters. Neither of these projects were corporate social responsibility initiatives. They were an intrinsic part of the work we do every day. “The commercial impact of our innovation is significant, but the long-term social impact is even greater,” says Michael O’Connor, Chief Executive Officer, Aon Risk Solutions. It starts with our commitment to diversity, inclusion and opportunity. Our apprenticeship program – a trailblazing initiative that established the UK gold standard for apprenticeships in our industry – has opened doors for those who might not have been able to afford the university degree that normally begins the path to a professional career. Strong partnerships allow us to further broaden the potential of our impact. As a global sponsor of Manchester United, Aon realized it could play a unique leadership role in convening other organizations to stamp out homophobia – on and off the field. TeamPride, an award-winning campaign designed to promote LGBTQ inclusion in sport, reached nearly 9 million people in Great Britain and set an example of true sportsmanship and acceptance for future generations to come. Around the world, Aon is helping to build the global workforce of the future through partnerships with organizations like the China Literacy Foundation, Create Foundation in Australia, and the OM Foundation in India – as well as helping communities prepare for and respond to disasters with the Red Cross, Habitat for Humanity and United Way. Since 2007, the Aon Foundation has donated more than $100 million to philanthropic organizations worldwide. But perhaps most importantly, we volunteer to take an active role in the communities around us. On Aon’s Empower Results Day for Communities, colleagues in countries around the world join together in 500 different activities to serve their local communities – from helping at childcare centers, to building houses. “We have the ability to touch individual lives in a way that addresses the broader social issues of our time,” says Greg Case, President and Chief Executive Officer, Aon. “We are at a moment in history where the stakes are incredibly high. And at Aon, we’re proud to be in a position to influence the outcome.”", "Link": "https://www.aon.com/empowerresults/?utm_source=aoncom&utm_medium=about-navlink&utm_campaign=socialimpact"}
{"Company Name": "APOGEO GROUP", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "APROFES sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "AQUALAND MORAVIA", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ARAMARK sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our purpose revolves around our mission to enrich and nourish lives: We strive to create a better world by considering the company’s environmental, economic, social and ethical dimensions. Be Well. Do Well. is Aramark’s sustainability plan. It sums up our goal to make a positive impact on people and planet over the next five years. Our Strategy Be Well. Do Well. accelerates our sustainability efforts and aligns with our vision for our future: improving the wellbeing of people, and reducing our greenhouse gas emissions by 2025. These goals convey our priorities and ambitions, focusing our efforts and inspiring our organization. Our sustainability plan starts with people. People are at the center of everything we do and so we’re focused on the wellbeing of our employees and consumers, the people in the communities where we live and work, as well as the people in our supply chain. We also focus on the wellbeing of our planet by minimizing environmental impact across all of our operations, from the foods we serve and facilities we operate to the vehicles we drive. Each goal is supported by four priorities, which align with the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We have identified key performance indicators and internal targets tied to our business objectives to drive outcomes against those priorities. Our People priorities are to engage employees, empower healthy consumers, build local communities and source ethically and inclusively. Our Planet priorities are to source responsibly, operate efficiently, minimize food waste and reduce packaging. Sustainability Begins With Integrity Our commitment to sustainability, to doing the right thing always, begins with integrity. We are committed to conducting business according to the highest ethical standards and in compliance with the law. Our Business Conduct Policy (BCP) details our commitment to operating ethically and transparently. It explains the basic rules and principles that apply to every Aramark team member. Annual training addresses anti-corruption, human rights and the workplace environment, accurate books and records, privacy and confidentiality, and safety, as well as how to report potential BCP violations. There are numerous ways to report a possible violation of the Business Conduct Policy. The Aramark Hotline is operated by a third-party company, and translation services are available. Reports can be made anonymously, and Aramark also prohibits retaliation against persons who report a suspected violation in good faith. Continuous Improvement On our journey of continuous improvement, we are committed to expanding public reporting on our sustainability plan, building greater awareness among our employees, consumers, clients, partners and investors. We’re proud of our efforts and are excited about implementing our five-year plan. Making a positive impact on people People are at the cornerstone of everything we do, from running our business and engaging our employees, to empowering healthy consumers, building local communities, and sourcing in an ethical and inclusive way. We are proud of our long-standing commitment to enable the wellbeing of all the people we connect to, and we’re committed to doing even more. Our goal is to provide access to opportunities – opportunities for our employees, consumers, communities and people in our supply chain. Building on our current work, we continue to help people to develop careers and livelihoods; access, choose and prepare healthy food; and grow communities, businesses and local economies. Moreover, we focus on safety every step of the way: in the food we serve, the places we work, and in our daily operations. It’s our responsibility to maintain the highest levels of safety for our own employees, as well as our customers and our clients. Making a positive impact on the planet When it comes to reducing our environmental impact, we’re focusing on addressing climate change. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions is our top priority and something we can impact in all of our businesses, through the foods we serve to the vehicles we drive. This effort builds on our current practices to reduce emissions that range from sourcing responsibly and operating efficiently, to minimizing food waste and reducing packaging. Now we’re taking an even more comprehensive approach. We’re conducting an emissions inventory, identifying specific actions to drive our reduction of carbon emissions, and working toward improving our public reporting. We’re also focused on increasing our climate-healthy plant-forward menu options through our Healthy for Life initiative®. And we’re also proud to announce our No-Deforestation Policy.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "B: TECH as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "B. Braun Medical Ltd.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We are convinced that sustainable thinking strengthens our company, encourages growth, and makes an essential contribution to remaining an independent family-owned business in the future. Sustainable action promotes collaboration with colleagues, strengthens relationships with customers, partners and society, and creates added value as a result. Economical, ecological and social. „For me, sustainability is a kind of long-term thinking, and each of our actions influences it.“ – Maria Laura Murias | B. Braun Argentina Protecting people's health For 179 years, it has been one goal above all that has driven B. Braun every day: protecting and improving the health of people - and today, we do that all around the world. In addition to innovation and efficiency, sustainability is one of the company's core values. Above it stands the promise of sharing our knowledge and skills in constructive dialog with customers and partners – our promise of Sharing Expertise. Sustainability grew along within the long history of B. Braun. Over the years five core areas emerged. Get to know these and find out in which ways B. Braun takes responsibility and lives sustainability. Our approach As a family-owned business, B. Braun acts around the world as a \"citizen of society.\" We consider this to mean that we act as a good citizen for society in the long term, beyond our actual business activities, and set an example for other companies. This publication is B. Braun's second sustainability report, following the first in 2015. In addition to standardized specifications according to the G4 guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative, this report contains best practice examples which illustrate B. Braun's sustainable activity. The data in this report covers the years 2015, 2016 and 2017. Sustainability at B. Braun: responsibility to clients and products , responsibility to environment , responsibility to society, responsibility to our employees.", "Link": "https://www.bbraun.com/en/company/sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "B2M.CZ sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Bageterie Boulevard", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BAK stavebni spolecnost, as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Being successful means feeling responsibility, not only within the company but also to the external environment. This is why we support interesting and essential projects in the fields of culture, sports and ecology, as well as charity related to bringing up children and adolescents. Vendulka charity fund We believe that helping the needy is human, especially as concerns seriously ill children suffering from rare forms of disease. For this reason, we created the Vendulka charity fund, through which we can help to improve the material and medical care for little Vendulka. Vendulka is among the few dozen people in the world and the only person in the Czech Republic suffering from an inborn dominant form of immunodeficiency, meaning a disorder of the immune system identified under number 818-821delTTAA v IFNR1, which causes the inability of the organism to defend itself from any form of mycobacteria. Little Vendulka’s illness broke out in full strength after her first mandatory vaccination for tuberculosis, shortly after birth. Because of this immunity disorder, Vendulka has been treated in the past against highly resistant bird tuberculosis, which attacked certain organs, causing the partial breakdown of her hip joint and two places on her skull. In addition to this severe immunity disease, Vendulka also has a heart defect, which will be operated in the future. Since birth, she has spent more than two years in hospital, undergone nine surgeries and ten examinations in total anesthesia. Despite all these painful experiences and the strong drugs she takes every day, Vendulka is a cheerful little girl that likes the usual activities of children her age. She likes to read and look at books, go for walks, and she would very much like to go to the seaside with her parents one day, but for now contact with the water is just as life-threatening for her as touching soil. She is currently being home schooled by her mother, and is in first grade. Given the rare occurrence of this immunity disorder, the medical options in the Czech Republic are very limited. This is why we are seeking other ways to cure little Vendulka or otherwise help improve her life. The money collected by the charity fund will be used to create a suitable environment for Vendulka, pay for her medicine and potential medical care abroad, which can be very costly. The charity fund collects money mainly from its founder – BAK stavební společnost, a.s., to which we owe our thanks. We would hereby like to ask the cities and municipalities of the region, companies and those of you who would like to help improve the quality of Vendulka’s life to consider making a financial contribution.Ecology Our company support ecology. Be joining the “Green Company” project, our company allows employees to dispose of used small electrical appliances and batteries in an ecological way, thus greatly expanding its activity in the area of environmental protection. Project objective The objective of the “Green Company” protect is to protect the environment by ensuring the collection and effective recycling of waste from used electrical appliances. These contain many hazardous substances such as mercury, lead, cadmium, bromide fire retarders and other elements, but also many recyclable and reusable materials. Employees can deposit used electrical household appliances into a box located on the ground floor of the administrative building. Our company’s project also allows the recycling of voluminous company electrical waste. Reducing the environmental footprint By joining the “Green Company” project, our company is proving its ecological thinking, both with respect to employees and with respect to the public. It is another step towards our long-term goal – to reduce the environment footprint. We also offer employees a benefit in the form of facilitating the recycling of “household” electrical waste. The initiator of the project is REMA Systém a.s., which organizes the collection, sorting, recycling and handling of electrical waste across the Czech Republic.", "Link": "https://www.bak.cz/en/about-us/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "BANDI VAMOS, sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Bank CREDITAS as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "CREDITAS is not just a stable financial institution. We are also a transparent and socially responsible company and that is why we not only perceive our business as a business, but also emphasize its broader social dimension. The principles of corporate social responsibility have a firm position in our corporate values. The cornerstones of CREDITAS Bank are satisfied employees, care for the environment and support for publicly beneficial projects related to helping those who need it most. Satisfied employees People are an essential prerequisite for our success and growth, so employee satisfaction is very important to us. We ensure a pleasant and quality work environment and support the strengths of our employees. We enable employees to reconcile work and personal life. We support team cultural and sports activities and strive to build trust and a friendly atmosphere among our employees . We practice open door policy. The bank's management is also constantly open for our colleagues.Environment The environment in which we live and work is not indifferent to us. We support recycling of waste, we have containers for the separation of common waste as well as places for the collection of used batteries.Within the Bank we prefer materials and procedures that minimize negative environmental impacts and are environmentally friendly. For our business trips, we make maximum use of environmentally friendly means of transport - trains and public transport. CREDITAS has long been moving towards a paperless office - a paperless office environment. We store most of our documents securely in electronic form. We also save on paper at branches where clients can sign contracts electronically on tablets.Support for the most needy Helping local communities has been part of the Bank's corporate social responsibility since it entered the Czech market. Since 2018 we are the main partner Together for children ops This public benefit organization helps abandoned and socially disadvantaged children to fulfill their dreams.It supports children whose families find themselves in a difficult life situation and also those who grow up without their parents. It allows girls and boys to engage in activities that they enjoy. This makes their childhood nicer and easier to start. CREDITAS Bank not only helps financially, its employees also participate in the assistance. We organize Volunteer Daysduring which employees help this nonprofit. In cooperation with ops Together for Children, we organize a company-wide collection of clothing, toys and sports equipment, which then goes to charity bazaars. Together for children, it directly donates children in orphanages or Kangaroos or uses the proceeds of the sale for the project Together for Children to the SCHOOL and financially helps children from socially disadvantaged families so that they can devote themselves to their favorite extracurricular activities. We also support the newly launched project Courage to donate, in which donors can choose which child they want to contribute to.We support the Mission of the New Home project , in which TV Nova presents stories of people who do not have it easy in their life and often live in undignified conditions. The team led by moderator Tereza Pergnerová tries to create a nice background and give them a chance to start again. We are happy to be a partner of the show because there are many people in need. “It is a wonderful project that helps people who are not cuddled with life. And it shows us how lucky we are and how important it is not to be indifferent to our surroundings, ”says Lucie Brunclíková, Director of Communication and Marketing of CREDITAS Bank , evaluating our assistance to the Mission New Home project.We also support employees who participate in other volunteer activities, even those in which CREDITAS Bank does not currently cooperate on its own. Employees active in volunteering are trying to meet, whether through flexible working hours or providing other types of support. If you want to become a part of the socially responsible CREDITAS Bank, visit the Careers page. We will be happy to show you that employee satisfaction is not just a phrase but a pleasant reality.", "Link": "https://www.creditas.cz/spolecenska-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "Barlett & Cenbright sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BARTON Consulting sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BATA, akciova spolecnost", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Innovation has been the foundation of our business since 1894. As the Henry Ford of the footwear industry, our founder Tomáš Bata had a vision to “shoe mankind” by making high-quality, affordably priced footwear available to everyone. Tomáš dramatically changed the global shoe industry by creating hundreds of innovative advancements in shoe design, manufacturing processes and employee work conditions with his paradigm-breaking and socially conscious approach. Innovation begins with exploration of current trends and rigorous consumer research. We invest considerable energy and resources in all markets we serve to understand our customers’ wants and needs. Knowing all we can about you and your family helps us make the best decisions possible when we create new and meaningful products.The Bata Innovation Lab initiates innovation by filtering ideas through a robust decision-making process to identify the next big concept to develop and bring to market. This process, along with the establishment of new supplier partnerships, delivers advancement in footwear technologies, materials and manufacturing—which results in exceptional shoes for you!Our goal is to provide true innovation to all our customers—men and women, families and kids. Quite simply, we want you to experience outstanding comfort in exceptional shoes that make you look and feel your best. We define innovation as “the implementation of new ideas that offer superior value to our customers and the company.” We continually look for fresh ways of thinking about shoes, with the ultimate aim of making modern footwear that delivers optimal comfort and style at “wow” prices.For Bata, the shoe industry has been a lifelong family passion, requiring hard work by a close-knit, determined team, listening to our consumers' needs and understanding how best to satisfy their requests. It is this desire to continue to offer the best products and services that help keep us at the forefront of our industry.Courageous Innovation has always been the cornerstone of our company, from the canvas shoes Tomas Bata proposed when everyone else in Europe was selling leather or wood, to the pioneering expansion to new continents starting in the 1930s.Our founder, Tomas Bata, understood that in order to do a job well, we must lead by example. We have never forgotten our founder's words, and today we still hold the same beliefs to be true. The decisions we take are made with our long-term future in mind, not for immediate gain.Bata believes in pushing boundaries, in going the extra mile. We take pride in recognizing and rewarding excellence, promoting a \"can do\" culture throughout our organisation. This is true of our products, our services and our personnel. We know that different customers have different needs, and it is our aim not only to satisfy but to exceed them, building intrinsic value into every product we make.At Bata we believe that we are part of each community in which we operate. This means supporting our consumers, teams and the community itself, as well as providing opportunities for personal and professional growth. As a truly global Group, we work across diverse cultures, and believe that each of these should be respected.", "Link": "https://thebatacompany.com/beyond-business-as-usual/"}
{"Company Name": "BEDNAR FMT sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BENES and LAT as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BENET AUTOMOTIVE sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BENTELER", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability at BENTELER BENTELER develops solutions that make a difference. For our customers, society and the environment. As a fourth-generation family company, our focus for the past 140 years has been on combining commercial success with social responsibility, employee development and ecological awareness. We continually develop our company with innovative products and processes. Our aim is to shape the future sustainably. OUR COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY Sustainability is an essential part of our corporate strategy. We are committed to the environment, employee development and society. The pages that follow contain information on our activities. Value-based governance Founded as a small trading company more than 140 years ago, BENTELER is now a global group. Some things have changed since our company was formed, and we too are continuing to develop. But much has remained the same. For example, our corporate values. They are the basis on which we shape the future – with courage, ambition and respect. Courage Sustainable development requires courage to pursue new avenues. With openness and a keenness to learn, we always develop the optimum solution. For our customers, but also for society and the environment – with due regard for the entire value chain. Ambition. For us, ambition means not only striving for maximum performance but also focusing on the needs of tomorrow. What we do, we do right. Respect. Mutual appreciation is a key part of our day-to-day activity. Around the world we support our customers as partners and treat our employees as equals. We also show the same respect for the environment and society. It is good to ask today the questions that will need to be addressed tomorrow. Even better to know the answers already. One of our answers to the megatrend of e-mobility, for example, is the new BENTELER Electric Drive System 2.0 – a series-ready platform solution for battery electric vehicles. But having a good idea is one thing. It takes courage to drive it forward, to shape events and not simply let them happen – it is precisely this attitude that marks BENTELER out. We like to venture into new areas and develop optimum solutions for tomorrow. AMBITION TO SHAPE THE DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION How? By investing in research and using targeted innovation management to develop solutions that make a difference. Because that benefits everyone: us, our customers and society. For example, since January 2018 we have been involved with BOOST 4.0, the biggest European initiative in Big Data for Industry 4.0. And in our Smart Factory in Mos, Spain, we use the latest digital technologies in production. Because in the long term only those who actively shape the digital transformation will succeed. Responsibility for our employees Our industry faces many challenges, whether from internationalization, changing market conditions or a variable economic climate. BENTELER is meeting these challenges successfully – with the commitment of our 30,000-strong workforce. As a family of driven professionals, they are the guarantors of our company’s success. Corporate Culture. It is important for us that our employees identify with our corporate values. They can then make a significant contribution to the corporate success of the BENTELER Group. Cooperation based on appreciation and trust is firmly rooted in our corporate culture and reflected in our Corporate Philosophy and Code of Conduct. Only a satisfied and motivated employee will perform to his or her best. Only an employee who is challenged and supported will excel. And only one who is allowed to continue developing will stay loyal. Employee Development. At BENTELER we see it as our responsibility to provide jobs that offer prospects and opportunities for professional development. We therefore devote a lot of time to personnel selection and provide targeted support for our employees. Health and Safety. A healthy work environment is of paramount importance at BENTELER. We see occupational Health & Safety as more than just an obligation. We therefore provide a wide range of screening programs for our employees around the world. We also invest in initiatives aimed at ergonomic workplace improvements. Climate and environmental protection We are conscious of our responsibility for the environment. We therefore rely on efficient manufacturing processes and develop environmentally friendly technologies. That enables us to conserve resources and help protect the climate and the environment. We see environmental protection as a task that involves every team and every subsidiary of the group on an equal basis. All BENTELER Automotive and all European BENTELER Steel/Tube production sites have certified environmental and/or energy management systems in accordance with ISO 14001:2015 or ISO 50001. That enables us to guarantee effective protection of resources and the environment.Our particularly light and therefore fuel-efficient components help reduce CO2 emissions and preserve the environment. What else can we do to make cars environmentally friendlier in the future? That is precisely what we are investigating, partly through cooperation with leading universities. We are also making targeted investments in innovative e-mobility solutions.The global population is growing and making increasing demands at a time when natural resources are becoming scarce. BENTELER makes its contribution through sustainable waste management. We draw a distinction between waste for recycling, reuse and landfill. Our aim is to reduce all waste as far as possible. Waste assessments also form part of the annual management audit in accordance with ISO 14001. SUSTAINABILITY THANKS TO LIGHTWEIGHT CONSTRUCTION Investment in lightweight technology is a key component of our sustainability strategy. For example, if we replace chassis springs made from solid material with tubular springs, we can make our customers' components up to 40% lighter. Our tubes with variable internal diameters cut vehicle weights by a further 15%, thereby reducing unnecessary environmental impact. CORROSION PROTECTION THAT CONSERVES RESOURCES Rustproof. Sealed. Sustainable. We contribute to environmental protection with our long-standing expertise in technology and materials. How do we do that? Our BENTELER Zista® Seal guarantees corrosion protection without the use of chromium VI, so it complies with the European REACh regulation. That means we can increase our products’ service life while at the same time protecting mankind and the environment. STEEL RECYCLING To conserve resources we focus on sustainable production processes. For example, the BENTELER electro steel plant in Lingen only uses scrap steel and reincorporates discarded steel products into the production process. In addition, by-products that arise in manufacturing are processed into high-grade construction materials for road building. FRESH AIR FOR OUR PLANT IN KLEINENBERG The BENTELER Automotive plant at Kleinenberg, Germany, draws electricity from the local windpark Asseln in Lichtenau. As a result, the plant has improved its C02 balance and is using less resources. In addition, thanks to extensive modification work, this plant will ultimately be able to draw 50 percent of its electricity from wind power. That is equivalent to the amount of electricity needed to supply 2,000 households for one year. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION PROJECT IN BRAZILThere is a saying that everyone should plant a tree in life. In Brazil, our employees even planted voluntarily 200 trees. This way, the bank vegetation of a river is rebuilt after a construction project. A total of 100 employees participated in this initiative. Within the next five years, the trees will filter around 11 tons of CO2 out of the air – and thus contribute to environmental protection. Social responsibility BENTELER fulfils its social responsibility worldwide – and we are pleased to do so. We actively promote the social interests of the locations in which we manufacture. As our company grows we also have a growing responsibility – for good neighborly relations and for a shared future.PROGRAM FOR DISADVANTAGED YOUNG PEOPLE. Through a special training program we provide targeted support for young people with limited school education in Mexico and Brazil. Our multi-year program enables them to get their career off to a successful start. At our Brazil site alone, for example, a total of 70 young people had completed the program up to 2018.SUPPORT FOR THE ENDOWED CHAIR IN “LIGHTWEIGHT CONSTRUCTION\" We not only want to know how lightweight products may look in the generation after next, but we also apply actual research results and innovative solutions in practice. For more than 10 years we have therefore invested in collaboration with the University of Paderborn and financed the endowed chair in “Lightweight Construction\". As a result, we are strengthening Paderborn as research location and helping ensure a high level of education.We take part in charity activities and social initiatives in the vicinity of our sites and are particularly committed to projects supporting children, young people and education. We thereby give young people an opportunity to start a career and shape their future, regardless of their background and level of education.To accelerate innovation, we collaborate on an international scale with start-ups, for example in the areas of Big Data, mobility, production technology or logistics. As a cooperation partner, we also support various university research projects and thus fulfil our social responsibility.Operating sustainably for the benefit of the region in which we manufacture: that is the aspiration of the BENTELER Group. We take targeted measures to support the development of our sites, for example purchasing raw materials, goods and services mainly in the area in which we manufacture and thereby creating value for the region.", "Link": "https://www.benteler.com/en/about-us/sustainability-at-benteler/"}
{"Company Name": "BENTER INVEST, sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BENVIG HEAT TRANSFER, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Berner spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Bernstein Bank", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BIDLI Holding, as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BIKE FUN International Ltd.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We understand our customers By realizing the production of bikes directly in the centre of Europe we, the Bike Fun International, have really close contact with our customers. Are you looking for a manufacturer with the most modern production technologies that can flexibly respond to your requests? A manufacturer who knows perfectly the standards of the market in which you sell the bikes? Here we are. For you! Quality High-quality technology, careful assembly and thorough final inspection are the three integral parts of all our production processes. Financial stability Sufficient amount of stable capital is a guarantee that your orders will be delivered on the schedule and without unreasonable delay. Internal processes Knowing how important the precise management of the planning, logistics and production processes is, we have implemented the modern information system Infor ERP SyteLine. The outcome? 100% guaranteed fulfilment of the delivery times and high production quality, which lead, hand in hand, to the maximum customer satisfaction. Development We constantly work on improving ourselves, we strive to offer more than the standard and always be one step ahead. We keep extending our knowledge by sharing all information inside our team and with our customers. We present and implement new ideas. Responsibility - consistency We always bring to an end what we initiate; we take full responsibility for the results of our work and our decisions. The responsibility of each individual on our team strengthens the credibility of our entire company. Teamwork We do not search for problems, we bring solutions. We perceive ourselves and our customers as one team: we can only succeed working together. Openness We respect the views of others and are not afraid to express our own opinions. Appreciation and recognition of one’s achievement is an integral part of our corporate culture.", "Link": "https://www.bikefunint.com/en/company-values"}
{"Company Name": "BILLA, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Strategy REWE Group's sustainability strategy focuses on all business activities in order to establish more sustainable consumption and tourism across the market. The core of the strategy is the promotion of more sustainable product ranges and fair dealings with partners and suppliers. We act in an environmentally and climate-conscious manner, assume responsibility for our employees and are committed to a viable society. Sustainability is anchored at the highest level of corporate management – overall responsibility lies with the Chairman of the Executive Board. In addition, each sales line has its own sustainability division, which further develops the sales line’s sustainability strategy. With the Guideline for Sustainable Business Practices, we have created a binding framework for action that forms the basis for our comprehensive sustainability commitment. In our Declaration of Human Rights, we also commit ourselves to strengthening human rights and preventing human rights violations. Green Products The production of REWE Group private label products has an impact on people, animals and environment. The Group is addressing these effects and is working to offer more sustainable product ranges. To this end, we always look at the entire supply chain and are increasingly committed to meeting social and ecological challenges. We promote the regionality of the goods, the range of organic products and the labelling with our own PRO PLANET label. We also systematically reduce packaging and foster biodiversity. In tourism as well, we are working to create more sustainable offers. Within the fields of action “Fairness”, “Animal Welfare”, “Resource Conservation” and “Nutrition”, we develop effective measures to reduce ecological and social impacts. Energy, Climate and Environment The cultivation and manufacture of products, the provision of services as well as the logistics and the operation of markets cause CO2 emissions. Saving energy and avoiding climate-damaging emissions is particularly important to REWE Group. Within the fields of action “Energy Efficiency”, ”Climate-relevant Emissions” and “Resource Conservation”, we develop effective measures to reduce our impact on the climate and the environment.mployees Committed and qualified employees make a decisive contribution to the success of our company – we attach great importance to promoting satisfaction, efficiency and productivity. We offer our employees fair remuneration, additional company benefits, flexible working hours and individual offers for a healthy work-life balance. REWE Group's corporate culture is characterised by trustful and respectful dealings with employees, customers and business partners. Within the fields of action “Values and Culture”, “Training and Development”, “Health and Safety”, “Work and Life Phases” as well as “Diversity and Equal Opportunities”, we develop effective measures to promote successful cooperation. Social Involvement Our commitment is based where we operate and in many other regions of the world. In doing so, we rely on strong partners who can provide effective assistance with their local experience. If possible, we also involve our customers and employees in projects to strengthen the sense of community and increase the scope of the projects. One focus is on promoting the development of children and young people. Within the fields of action \"Conscious Nutrition and Exercise\", \"Opportunities for Children and Young People\", \"Conscious Use of Food\", \"Biodiversity\" and \"Environmental Protection\", we are committed to implementing a wide range of projects. Cooperations and Memberships Together with them we are on our way to sustainability. The REWE Group maintains a variety of fruitful relationships with clubs and institutions. Because this is our tenor: together we are stronger when it comes to the preservation of a more sustainable world. Here we show you our most important cooperations and memberships.", "Link": "https://www.rewe-group.com/en/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "BILLANC PARTNERS CR, sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "… common goal, together to reach our goal … That is why our highest priority is to act and manage the company in accordance with the following principles. Corporate values For our products and services, our customers provide us with all tools necessary for the development of BJS Group, satisfaction of our social needs. For this reason, we consider our absolute focus on our customer the only way of BJS Group functioning and developing. Every employee seeks to understand customer objectives and does everything possible to customer satisfaction. When resolving problems, we look at the things through the eyes of our customers; we listen to them and deal with any of their initiatives. Our customers are often members of our team. For us, the efficient and always the simplest as possible, direct, timely, and true communication and frankness of information transfer between the employees within the company as well as with the external environment is the basis of a non-problematic functioning of all processes and relations in the company. We are sharing the information with our colleagues; we inform each other about our work and news. We listen to each other, respond to the initiatives of the others, and share our opinion with the others. We all want to feel well at our work. We are therefore creating the environment where the respect to our colleagues at work, to the company as well as to everybody we cooperate with goes without saying. We respect the interests of BJS Group, we understand the interests and problems of our colleagues, and we pay attention to them in the course of our acting and decision making. We explain our positions, decisions, and opinions to the others. We know that we have to keep our word and promises. We follow the rules and competences agreed. We always seek to be objective and we respect the work of another. We are aware of the fact that the individual person may reach the objectives of BJS Group only with difficulties. For us, cooperation is therefore one of the basic values. We always seek to cooperate as best as possible between each other as well as with our business partners. For us, cooperation is our common interest and goal so we help each other and work in team. We appreciate the efforts of our colleagues to help; we praise success and accept criticism. In BJS, a problem of individual person is the problem of all of us. Each of us is aware of the fact that good results cannot be reached without fair work. Only the everyday consistent and hard work may result into satisfaction of customer requirements as well as personal needs of every employee of BJS Group. All on what we work, we do comprehensively and with regard to our common goal. We put the willingness to do fair work and learn above other values. We are proactive, always seeking to do more than we have to do.", "Link": "https://www.bjs.cz/en/about-the-company/corporate-values/"}
{"Company Name": "Blue Style pcs", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BlueLink International CZ sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our social commitment Aware of the role that a business should play in civil society, we have introduced a social programme that reflects our values. A Proactive Approach to Disability BlueLink launched a “Diversity and Disability” scheme at its Paris centre in 2007, built on 4 pillars Awareness & Communications Facilitating the recruitment and integration of new disabled workers. Helping in employee retention Having access to the protected sector. These actions have brought results by removing the taboo surrounding disability at BlueLink. We have succeeded in building a genuine climate of trust: staff with health issues are no longer afraid to drop in to the Disability Mission and receive support in recognition of their disabled worker status. Campaigns to raise awareness and promote employment or continued employment of disabled people have also been led in other group centres. Our patronage actions For several years now, we have been involved in various patronage initiatives. Handisport Since 2013, BlueLink has been a partner of the Federal Wheelchair Rugby Commission of the French Disabled Sport Federation in order to promote access to and the playing of wheelchair rugby in France and supporting the French team. Team spirit, pushing the limits, courage and respect are the values conveyed by wheelchair rugby, the only mixed manual wheelchair team sport accessible to tetraplegic athletes. Regular meetings are organised within the company so that players can exchange with employees, who are now their most loyal supporters. Proof of the strength of this partnership: at their request, players are now competing under the name of BlueLink Teamduring friendly matches where they do not wear the official colours of the French team. Aviation Sans Frontières BlueLink and Aviation Sans Frontières have forged a partnership primarily focused on skills patronage. The company offers the humanitarian association the expert input of two volunteer employees to bolster its “sick children support” unit. Their mission: – to help organise and plan the arrival in Europe of children who have to undergo operations as part of emergency healthcare; – to assist the association in structuring the service. As an officially recognised NGO, ASF provides essential logistical support to hundreds of humanitarian actors by guaranteeing the delivery of emergency aid and transportation for people around the world thanks to its network of 800 volunteers.", "Link": "https://www.bluelinkservices.com/en/why-choose-us/our-social-commitment/"}
{"Company Name": "BM CESKO sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BNP Paribas", "Number of employees": 599, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility Launched in September 2015 by the UN, the Sustainable Development Goals aim to end poverty by 2030 while protecting our planet’s environment. As a global company and Bank, BNP Paribas has a key role to play in this collective effort. Our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) approach allows us to take part in building a sustainable future while promoting the Group’s performance and stability. A committed and responsible bank 13, the number of indicators we use to coordinate our CSR efforts. Nine of these are used to determine the amount of the variable incentive plan for the Group’s 5,000 Top Managers, counting for 20% of the eligibility conditions. 9,3 milliards d’euros in funding allocated by the Group to the renewable energy sector in 2016. We are committed to raising this figure to €15 billion by 2020. 470 900 people accessed financial education programs with assistance from BNP Paribas in 2015. Economic responsibility Financing the economy in an ethical way BNP Paribas strives to conduct its businesses in an ethical and responsible way as a major player in financial products and services. By contributing to economic development and job creation in 75 countries, the Group makes every effort to pursue this commitment. We take on this economic responsibility by relying on our three commitments 1. Investments and financing with a positive impact 2. Ethics of the highest standard 3. Systematic integration and management of environmental, social and governance risks WE COORDINATE THESE COMMITMENTS BY MONITORING THREE KEY PERFORMENCE INDICATORS. Share of loans to companies contributing strictly to the achievement of UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Percentage of employees trained on an ethics-related issue Share of loans to companies subject to an environmental and social management system which is specific to the concerned activity Our commitment is also: BNP Paribas also coordinates its CSR approach by publishing several public positions relating to key themes and sectors. These positions directly underpin the way the Group intends to pursue its economic responsibility: Equator Principles In 2008, BNP Paribas adopted the Equator Principles, a set of guidelines for the financial sector which aim to identify, evaluate and manage the environmental and social risks of projects. Each year, BNP Paribas publishes a report focusing on its experience and the processes involved in applying the Equator Principles. Equator Principles Reporting 2018 Principles for Responsible Investment BNP Paribas Asset Management is a signatory to these principles, which aim to increase the role that environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues play in investment decisions. Soft Commodities Compact of the Banking Environment Initiative In 2014, BNP Paribas joined the Soft Commodities Compact, a unique initiative aiming to mobilize banks in efforts to transform agricultural supply chains and to encourage their customers to achieve net zero deforestation by 2020. Social responsibility Promoting employee development and commitment Our social responsibility is rooted in three principles: promoting diversity and inclusion; providing a “good place to work” and ensuring responsible employment management; and acting as a learning business offering dynamic career management. By adopting these three ambitious objectives, our aim is to facilitate employee development and commitment. Three commitments guide our social responsibility 4. Promotion of diversity and inclusion in the workplace 5. A good place to work and responsible employment management 6. A learning company supporting dynamic career management Civic responsibility Serving as a bank committed to improving society BNP Paribas takes action through its different commitments to improve every aspect of society including combatting social exclusion and human rights violations, promoting equal opportunity through financial education and microfinance and encouraging artistic creation and solidarity actions led by employees. 7. Products and services that are widely accessible 8. Combat social exclusion and support human rights 9. Corporate philanthropy policy focused on the arts, solidarity and the environment WE COORDINATE THESE COMMITMENTS BY MONITORING THREE KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS. Annual number of beneficiaries of microloans distributed by microfinance institutions financed by BNP Paribas (on a prorata basis of the financing issued by BNP Paribas) Two major initiatives in particular guide our civic responsibility: Businesses for Human Rights We are a member of the association Entreprises Pour les Droits de l’Homme (Businesses for Human Rights), which offers a forum for sharing and developing efforts to improve the integration of Human Rights into business policies and practices. > Go to the Entreprises Pour les Droits de l’Homme BNP Paribas Declaration on Human Rights In 2012 we drafted our own Declaration in order to emphasize our commitment and ensure respect for Human Rights within our sphere of influence. Environmental responsibility Taking action to combat climate change BNP Paribas has made the fight against climate change its top environmental priority as a global player that finances the energy sector. Our commitment aligns with the Paris agreement, which aims to make financial flows compatible with low-carbon development. For this, we rely on three levers 10. Partnering with our clients in the transition to a low-carbon economy 11. Reduce the environmental impact of our operations 12. Advance awareness and sharing of best environmental practices WE COORDINATE THESE COMMITMENTS BY MONITORING THREE KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS. Financing for renewable energies Greenhouse gas emissions Number of people made aware of climate issues by BNP Paribas", "Link": "https://group.bnpparibas/en/group/corporate-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Bobcat", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility We believe social responsibility isn’t just a company value – it’s part of who we are. Our corporate social responsibility (CSR) efforts focus on three main areas: community, environment, and economic. We continually seek to integrate these components into every part of our business. It’s our belief that making the world’s best compact equipment isn’t enough. We must also consider the impact of our actions to our global community. Community We believe it’s important to invest in the communities where we work and live. That’s why we’re committed to leading our employees in charitable contributions and volunteer activities. For instance, each year we partner with nonprofit organizations as part of our Doosan Day of Community Service, where hundreds of employees volunteer in their communities. Environment We are minimizing the impact we have on the environment and helping our customers to do the same. Remanufacturing, recycling, greenhouse gas emissions, energy usage and waste reduction are examples of ways that we leverage technology and innovation to become more productive by using resources more efficiently. Additionally, we manufacture sustainability-minded equipment and have sponsored conservation projects, such as Create & Conserve®. Economic Success isn’t simply about being financially accountable. We must consider the direct and indirect economic impacts that we have on our employees, communities, suppliers and customers. We’re passionate about growing our industry through STEM (science, technology, education and math) activities that will be responsible for building the next generation of innovators.", "Link": "https://www.bobcat.com/company-info/corporate-responsibility/overview"}
{"Company Name": "Bohemia Direct Marketing as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Bohemia Energy", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Life for children Mission of the Foundation The mission of the non-profit organization Life for Children is to help ill, handicapped and abandoned children throughout the Czech Republic who find themselves in a difficult life situation and need professional help and support of their surroundings. How we work together We have been cooperating with Life for Children on a long-term basis and together we have created the Energy for Children project, within which not only employees but also the general public can support individual stories of children who need our help. Just give energy to the story once a day by clicking and light the story bulb. A different story can be supported every day. As soon as the bulb lights up, we will implement the specific help.Czech Streetwork Association Mission of the Foundation For twenty years, the Czech Streetwork Association has created a favorable climate for the development of low-threshold social services, supports the professionalisation of the field, sets quality standards, carries out quality assessment of provided services, implements projects for the professional public, associates providers of low-threshold social services. How we work together We are the main partner of the unique project of street work in the Internet environment Streetwork on-line (www.jdidoklubu.cz), which helps endangered children and adolescents through the Internet. This service is unique in the European context.Black horses Mission of the Foundation Black horses, that is more than 100 stories, more than 100 falls, but mainly more than 100 successful attempts to face their fate again. Black Horses were founded in 2008 as a non-profit organization that manufactures handbike bikes for disabled children. They are currently the only manufacturer of wheels of this type in the Czech Republic and most likely in Europe. How we work together Bohemia Energy employees themselves are involved in the project To Work by Bike in support of the non-profit organization Black Horses and handicapped athletes. Every mileage turns into financial support. The employees thus influence the amount of Black Horse support they will receive.Smiling Crocodile Mission of the Foundation Smiling Crocodile operates a school, kindergarten and therapy center for children with such severe multiple disabilities. They believe that every child has the right to education regardless of their mental and physical health. They help children with disabilities to overcome adversity and acquire the necessary basic skills to increase their abilities and education. All this significantly improves the quality of life of these children, their families and carers. The aim and great desire is that these pupils' lives should be as satisfying and full as those of their peers who may have been more fortunate at the start of their lives. How we work together We started working with Smiling Crocodile in 2017 by contributing to the construction of a new center, which will include respite care and a children's hospice. We will cover all the energy of the current premises of the primary and nursery school and we will also cover the energy of the new premises. We also cover the operation of the school bus.National Museum Mission of the Foundation In 2009, the National Museum, in cooperation with its domestic and foreign partners, set up a permanent Archaeological Expedition to Wad Ben Naga, the aim of which is an overall archaeological survey and related conservation work on this site located approximately 130 km north of the Sudanese capital Khartoum. How we work together In the years 2011 - 2016, we supported the archaeological expedition of the National Museum in Wad Ben Naga, Sudan, which was one of the most successful Czech archaeological missions abroad and seeks to include this site on the UNESCO World Heritage List. We also became the main partner of the unique exhibition of the Land of the Black Pharaohs, which presented the history of ancient Nubia to the public from the end of prehistoric times to the early Christian period.Artevide Foundation Mission of the Foundation Artevide is a foundation for universal support of artistic and social activities of blind children, youth and socially disadvantaged. The aim is primarily targeted social and economic integration of the blind into the majority society. How we work together Throughout 2012, 2016 and 2017, we supported talented young blind artists who create paintings by the so-called Chech method. It is a patented painting technique for the blind that enables a haptic (tactile) look at the works of art of other blind people.", "Link": "http://www.energiedetem.cz/"}
{"Company Name": "BONATRANS GROUP as", "Number of employees": 1490, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "ENVIRONMENTAL CARE Environmental care is one of the major foundations of our social responsibility programs, with our top management actively involved in its updates and supervision. GHH-BONATRANS follow strict rules for environmental protection in-house but also in the neighbourhood. Ecological prevention programs contains of employee education and training, close monitoring and reduction of environmental impacts, prevention of potential accidents and emergency situations affecting environment and health. The progress we have made in the environmental programs is a result of the active participation of our employees in group-wide initiatives. Regular upgrade of production facilities and implementation of new technologies results in significant decrease of ecological footprint. We invest into our production lines and their equipment, as well as into other buildings and facilities. We also abide by strict rules for waste management. The offices and other workplaces are equipped with special waste containers. The waste management system and its application are regularly monitored and reviewed. PERSONAL APPROACH As one of the market leaders we realize that our top competitive advantage are skilled, motivated and professional employees. Their sense of teamwork and passion for the product are crucial for establishing a positive and inspirational working environment. Respect to each other and friendly relationships are key to effective and friendly collaboration. Physical and mental health as well as the work-life balance of our employees is something we take very seriously. We provide our employees with various social and health programs and positively affect different aspects of their working and personal time. We endorse activities organised internally for the benefit of the employees and we also include external activities and events into our employee programs. We are ready to encourage them in their personal development, next career steps and their fields of interest. However, we are also prepared to support and help our colleagues during difficult life situations. Scope of employee benefits GHH-BONATRANS provides employees with a wide range of benefits, including: One extra week of vacation Meal contribution (through internal dining facilities) Contribution to life insurance Relaxation excursions Vitamin program Life and work anniversary awards, etc. Employee training and education Employee education and training play an essential role in the company development and human resources management. Professional certifications, authorisations and permissions necessary for carrying out individual jobs (e.g. crane or fork-lift operation, binding, welding, working at heights etc) Compulsory educational programs in the fields of quality, safety or environment Training in new legislation Internal education of basic technical knowledge Soft skills Computer skills Foreign languages Workshops and conferences Corporate culture The basic rules of internal company behaviour are embodied in the company’s Code of Ethics and Working Rules documents. As mentioned earlier, all activities leading towards creation of a pleasant and motivating working environment are supported. We value feedback from our employees on working procedures, rules and culture and try to implement the valuable ideas. We endorse a wide range of social and sports events for employees and their families so that we can meet outside of work and learn more about each other and our private lives. Corporate culture events include: Best employee awards and meetings with management Meetings and communication with former employees BONATRANS ball Open days BONATRANS Big Day BONATRANS triathlon competition St. Nicolas event for children of employees SPONSORSHIP CSR and Sponsorship activities GHH-BONATRANS is fully aware of the importance of social responsibility programs carried out in the areas of its presence. Not only do we represent a locally important and attractive employer, we also try to significantly contribute to the development and support of local societies by organising or endorsing local events and activities. We aim to build an environment that will enable our current and former employees and their families to live with dignity and joy. At the same time we respect nature and the environment, and pay close attention to the reduction of the ecological impact of our activities. Our support and sponsorship projects cover a wide range of social fields: children and youth support programs, educational programs, sports activities, culture as well as health care and fire protection. Institutions or individual applicants can apply for potential support via the application form available on this web page.", "Link": "https://www.ghh-bonatrans.com/en/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "BORCAD sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BORGERS CS spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 2490, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BOSAL CR, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Bosch Ceske Budejovice", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "In the long term, an honest and fair approach to doing business will be the most profitable.” This statement of our company founder Robert Bosch continues to influence the way we do business today. Compliance Volkmar Denner The aim of our globally applicable rules of business conduct is to protect our associates and company as well as our customers and partners. As our “We are Bosch” mission statement says, “We promise only what we can deliver, accept agreements as binding, and respect and observe the law in all our business transactions.” To underscore the importance of this principle, we have summed up our position with regard to legal requirements and ethical issues in our globally applicable Code of Business Conduct. The Code of Business Conduct serves as a guideline for how to do business. Bosch has a global compliance system headed by a chief compliance officer who reports directly to the board of management. There is also a corporate compliance department and compliance officers in all divisions and regions. Prevention and inspection measures including the dual-control principle, job rotation in sensitive areas, as well as regular audits are designed to support our values-based compliance system. We also have a mandatory compliance training program for our associates. In addition, we have established a “Compliance Dialog,” which allows compliance-related topics and experience to be discussed among our executives, associates, and compliance officers. The compliance system also includes a reporting hotline, which associates, business partners, and third parties can use to report irregularities at any time. Responsible and legally compliant behavior does not stop at company boundaries. With this in mind, we have established a Code of Conduct for suppliers, which defines the principles and requirements for collaborating with Bosch. We conduct regular audits to ensure that our suppliers comply with these principles. In such a fast moving environment, we continuously review our compliance system to be able to quickly adapt our rules and processes to new legal and technical developments. Social responsibility The responsibility towards our society has a valuable tradition at Bosch and starts with the fair treatment of our employees. In our “Guidelines of corporate social responsibility at Bosch” our management and employee representatives acknowledge human rights, equal opportunities, fair working conditions and worldwide standards in occupational health and safety. These eleven guidelines are oriented towards core labour standards of the International Labour Organization and are also obligatory for all of our suppliers. In tradition of our founder Robert Bosch our corporate social responsibility goes far beyond our company borders. We are committed to common good, especially equalizing opportunities through education. Responsible supply chain management By joining the United Nations Global Compact Initiative in 2004, the Bosch Group emphasized the importance of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). For Bosch, CSR includes, especially, the protection of human rights and the environment, compliance with health standards and labor laws, as well as ethical business conduct. In this context, we promote the procurement of materials with consideration of their impact on environmental and social factors. For the development of effective countermeasures against existing social issues in the supply chain, we believe cooperation amongst industries using conflict raw materials is important. Amongst other initiatives, Bosch joined the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) in 2014 to support an industry-wide approach for mineral reporting and supplier education activities. Bosch is founding member of “value balancing alliance e.V.” Which values do companies create for society – in environmental, social, and financial terms? And how can these contributions be measured and compared? The recently founded “value balancing alliance e.V.”, based in Frankfurt am Main, gets to the bottom of these questions. Together with seven international companies, Bosch intends to establish a global standard for measuring and disclosing the real value that companies provide to society. The guiding principle and main goal of the alliance is to take impacts on the environment, the society and the economy into account. The alliance focuses on defining a global standard that will allow social impact and dependencies along the value chain, as well as their impact on company value, to be evaluated in a common currency unit. The aim is to standardize calculations, ensure comparability of methods, create pilot management accounting schemes, and make outcomes publicly available. The transformation of business processes requires a concerted effort by all players in the business environment. Bosch believes that, as a company, it shares responsibility for creating sustainable value. “Our ‘Invented for life’ ethos includes taking responsibility for society and the environment. The value balancing alliance is a great opportunity to make this commitment transparent,” says Torsten Kallweit, Head of Health, Safety, Environmental and Fire Protection as well as Sustainability in the Bosch Group. Over the next three years, the value balancing alliance will translate theoretical findings into a pragmatic, user-oriented model. With the support of independent external bodies such as the OECD and the universities of Oxford, Harvard, Hamburg, and Mannheim, the value balancing alliance will develop and extend transparency and disclosure. With the foundation of the value balancing alliance, the members have taken a decisive step toward increasing transparency about business decisions, value creation, and loss of value.", "Link": "https://www.bosch.com/company/sustainability/responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "BRANO GROUP as", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BRASTY GROUP sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Brembo Czech sro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Dear Stakeholders, It is with great pride that today I am presenting the Brembo Group’s 2018 Consolidated Disclosure of Non-Financial Information. This is a reporting tool which takes forward an important process undertaken by the Group over the past few years with the aim of offering to all of our stakeholders — which include our employees, our shareholders, our customers, our suppliers and the communities in all the territories around the world where we operate — the opportunity to know and assess the Group’s conduct, objectives and results related to social responsibility. The Disclosure that I am presenting has not been prepared just to comply with law requirements: it also stems from our desire to assert those values and principles which guide us towards achieving a sustainable and long-lasting growth. We therefore make it our own commitment to share with you the managerial good practices that we have adopted over time to address crucial environmental and social issues related to the people who work with us and to the respect of human rights, with a view to fighting against corruption and promoting diversity, two fundamental elements for the development of both the company and the communities in which Brembo operates. Given the constantly changing context in which we operate, often characterised by new sustainability challenges that might affect future generations, Brembo, as a global innovator, maintains a strong commitment in helping achieve the UN SDGs included in the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, which set out the priorities for contributing towards global development, promoting human welfare and protecting the environment. Today Brembo employs over 10,000 people in 15 countries across 3 continents, with 25 production and sales offices. Brembo has been operating as a socially responsible company since inception, always taking account of and respecting the expectations of its stakeholders and implementing sustainability and legality policies in every country where it operates. Our strategies and policies are the result of work programmes, improvement plans and methods developed over the years, as well as of a programme of strict corporate governance also regarding Sustainability. The year 2018 witnessed some significant achievements that I am proud to summarise for you and which you will find described more in detail in the next pages. Our People remain an invaluable asset made up of experience, passion and competence. During the last year we have increased the number of training hours provided on topics such as the environment, health, safety and compliance, clocking up a total of 240,000 hours. This achievement takes us one step further down the path towards greater personal and professional development for our people, while offering them a stimulating and gratifying work environment. Our strong regard towards environmental protection has led to the development of a new Environmental Management System implemented across all our plants, which helped us obtain the ISO 14001:2015 certification. This great result was accompanied by additional significant achievements in the reduction of energy consumption and emission of gases into the atmosphere, as well as a more rational use of water.As proof of our commitment in this area, in 2018 Brembo was again recognised by the “Carbon Disclosure Project” as one of the world’s top green businesses: its inclusion in the “A List” was confirmed particularly in relation to CO2 emissions (Climate Change). Brembo also obtained a rating improvement from A- to A for water resources management (Water Security). Great progress has been achieved at supply chain level through the preparation of a Supplier Code of Conduct, which governs the sustainability policies linked to the supply chain. Thus, after many years of good practices, the requirement for all suppliers to comply with the defined standards was formalised. Brembo’s constant commitment towards product and process innovation kept thriving successfully in 2018. More particularly, our production plants tested eight new technologies in the area of digitised manufacturing, also known in Italy as “Industry 4.0”. These solutions go from plant maintenance with augmented-reality-based remote assistance, to the training of new staff through virtual reality, as well as the continuous remote monitoring of activity levels in the production plants in the various countries where Brembo operates. Precision logistics projects are also being tested, which involve supplying production and assembly lines by means of driverless vehicles. Projects involving the use of artificial intelligence are being implemented with the aim of optimising the lifetime of tools used for mechanical processing.The objectives of process and product innovation always feature the improved sustainability of production activities, with a decrease in specific consumption and emissions, as well as a reduction of any impact linked to the use of our products on the road. As far as product innovation is concerned, the constant collaboration with our vehicle manufacturing clients has further enhanced Brembo’s position in terms of performance and style. Finally, also worthy of note are Brembo’s active involvement in research projects funded within the Horizon 2020 European framework programme and, during 2018, its participation into two European consortia under EIT, one dealing with materials, the other with advanced manufacturing. Furthermore, Brembo is a founding member alongside Kilometro Rosso of the MADE National Competence Center which was created as part of the Industry 4.0 programme. Brembo’s commitment towards corporate social responsibility finds expression also through initiatives of a social nature. Brembo, is a company with strong links within the local areas in which it operates and to which it devotes particular attention by promoting projects and initiatives like “House of Smile” and “I was a Sari” in India and “SOSteniamoci” in Italy. These activities are part of a wide-ranging programme of support for the local areas covering issues like child protection, education, training and research, but also art, culture and sports. With reference to sports, an important partnership was formed with the nursery team of an Italian premier league football club to emphasise the value of sports in educating young people. At Brembo sustainability is not limited to past achievements, but is also focused on the challenges that will be facing us in the coming years: not only do we need to be prepared for the future of mobility, we also need to keep contributing to our society’s development in a tangible and sustainable way.", "Link": "https://www.brembo.com/en/sustainability/corporate-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Brickman Executive Search", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Bright HR sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Brnenska personalistika, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "we comply with Act No. 101/2000 Coll., on the protection of personal data We comply with the Czech legislation concerning the environment, occupational health and safety, personal protection and waste management we consider all those working for or for the organization to be the most important factor underlying our success. We develop the abilities and knowledge of these persons by means of a targeted educational methodology so that their information and professional competence are ensured. We support their involvement and constantly improve the conditions for their motivation for positive action in the field of environmental protection we respect human rights we help to integrate mothers after parental leave", "Link": "http://www.bp.cz/cz/o-spolecnosti/kodexy-a-hodnoty"}
{"Company Name": "Broker Consulting, Inc.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility The world around us is a reflection of how we shape it. We recognize this responsibility with our head high. Good deeds to benefit those who were not so lucky. In 2005, in co-operation with Jágr Team, we co-founded the charitable unincorporated association called Good Deed (Dobrý skutek in Czech), which enables us to provide targeted aid to those who, largely due to health related complications, have found themselves in an unfortunate life situation and have become dependent on the help of others. This includes people from different age groups, with various disabilities, and quite often also cases outside of media attention. “Clients of Good Deed” include minors, adults (particularly parents of children), as well as elderly people. Resources to cover this charitable activity are raised through online donations, events organized jointly with Broker Consulting, as well as financial donations by Broker Consulting co-operators and employees. Anyone who decides to help those in need may select the recipient of his/her financial donation and check the flow of the donated funds in the Good Deed’s transparent account. Furthermore, we support Good Deed by funding its overhead expenses, providing computing technology, office space, services of the legal, marketing and economic departments, as well as by financial donations. Thanks to that, all donations can be completely reallocated among the people in need. The patrons of Good Deed are Miss CR 2003, Lucie Křížková-Váchová and one of the world’s best ice hockey players of all times, Jaromír Jágr. If you are able to (and would like to) help as well, please visit www.dobryskutek.cz. We appreciate all the help we can get. Děkujeme za každou podporu. Increasing Financial Literacy as a Prevention Since 2011, we have been actively supporting the activities of the nongovernmental non-profit organization of ABC of Financial Education (ABC Finančního vzdělávání in Czech), which is dedicated to bringing education to schools, businesses, as well as the general public. Why do we believe that it is of great importance? An ever increasing number of households get into financial difficulties due to insufficient knowledge and the lack of understanding when it comes to personal and family finances. Falls into debt traps and personal bankruptcies are on the rise. Using their experience, our company instructors, oftentimes from the ranks of Broker Consulting co-operators, are able to help increase general awareness about the patterns of administering a family budget, patterns of the financial market, as well as the functioning of basic financial products. How are we able to do that? For example, in 2017 the ABC of Financial Education organized a total of 100 educational events that were attended by 1,545 teens, 264 adults and 40 experts. Are you interested in booking this type of education for your school or your company, too? For additional information go to www.abcfv.cz. Also the FinGR Play on-line game, which was developed by the ABC of Financial Education experts, contributes to the same goal of increasing financial literacy, but in a fun form. The players become virtual trustees for a family budget for a period of 30 years, they enter the world of personal finances and test their own abilities to manage money. Would you like to give it a try, too? The game is freely available (after registering) at http://www.fingrplay.cz. Good luck!", "Link": "https://www.bcas.cz/en/about-us/spolecenska-odpovednost-2/"}
{"Company Name": "Brose CZ spol", "Number of employees": 4990, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We have an obligation to do our bit The Brose Group today has 64 locations in 24 countries. We feel obligated to play an active part in shaping the social environment. We promote sport, cultural, educational and social projects that impart important values to young people in particular and improve their education.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BTL Medical Technologies Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BubbleStar CZ sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Budweiser Budvar", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "WE ARE THE CARETAKERS OF BREWING WISDOM Being the national brewery, we support the brewing craft in the country. We share our yeast We provide our brewing yeast to other microbreweries as well.We develop brewing We organise expert lectures and conferences, or make a contribution to them. We support production We support Czech producers and suppliers of hops, malt and other inputs needed for beer-making. We are widening horizons We take selected microbreweries to our events, so everybody can find out that beer is not only a lager.We make partnerships Our brewers help microbreweries with recipes. They can test beer samples in our lab.", "Link": "https://www.budejovickybudvar.cz/en/partnerships/beer-brewing-development"}
{"Company Name": "Burda International CZ", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Business Development sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "BUILDING, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "B + S Nevrly Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "B2A Software Development Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Babymarkt.de GmbH", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "FOCUS ON CUSTOMER SATISFACTION The satisfaction of our customers is the focus of our mission statement. Only if parents and families are satisfied with our service and our products can we be a successful, profitable company in the long run. Especially in the area of ​​baby and children's equipment, we have a high level of responsibility towards our customers and must always be able to guarantee high-quality and child-friendly items.In the large GERMANY test for focus 22/17, over 500,000 customer ratings were evaluated with regard to customer satisfaction. babymarkt.de was ranked number 1 in the \"Baby and Children's Equipment\" category for the second year in a row and can continue to call itself the best online shop. We thank all our customers! FAVORABLE PRICES AND A WIDE RANGE FOR OUR CUSTOMERS Since parents and families in particular represent our target group, we always pay attention to affordable prices and an uncomplicated, time-saving shopping experience. Clarity in our shops and simple ordering are among our top goals. With our wide range, we cover all of our customers' needs and offer a diverse range. SUSTAINABLE DEALINGS WITH PEOPLE AND THE ENVIRONMENT Not only with regard to our customers, but also towards nature and the environment, we feel obliged to act responsibly and sustainably. That is why we are specifically looking for products that are made from natural resources, are free of pollutants and are certified by independent testing bodies. We also reject inhumane working conditions when manufacturing our articles. TRUST AS THE BASIS FOR A HARMONIOUS WORKING ATMOSPHERE If our employees feel comfortable in their working environment, they can pass this feeling on to our customers. That is why we strive for a harmonious coexistence in which our employees support each other. This also includes the management floor, which ensures clear division of labor through transparent communication. In constant interaction with the teams, research is always carried out for innovative developments. Making mistakes is allowed and desired, so that we can learn from them in the future and identify opportunities for improvement. As long as we treat each other with respect and fairness, we can always guarantee a friendly working atmosphere. COMPETENT AND RELIABLE EMPLOYEES So that our customers can enjoy the best possible service and high-quality products, our employees are always highly motivated and competent while working together to optimize the company. Fast communication between different departments and perfect planning of individual tasks dominate. With our experienced product consultants from the various product categories, our friendly service team, our midwives as experts, but also with the logistics, marketing and graphics teams, we offer maximum know-how in the respective fields. Reliability on our quality is a promise that we keep thanks to our expert staff. SUCCESSFUL COMPANY STRUCTURE WITH AN INTERNATIONAL FOCUS We are a company that has undergone a major change since it was founded in 2003. We are not only well positioned within Germany, we also set an example on the market for baby and children's equipment internationally through our online shops . We therefore want to offer the best training opportunities for young talents and are constantly looking for new employeeswho enrich our corporate structure with their skills. Within our company, the technical knowledge is continuously trained and ultimately enables more and more responsibility to be assumed: “Each individual can contribute their skills to our project teams and also build up new specialist knowledge. We work on an interdisciplinary basis on the design, functionality and added value of our 15 shops and the offers related to them, ”said Bastian Siebers, CEO.", "Link": "https://www.babymarkt.de/unternehmen/unser-unternehmen/unser-leitbild/"}
{"Company Name": "BACHL, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our company has been involved in the Green Company project and enables our employees to dispose of used small electrical appliances and batteries in an environmentally friendly manner, thus expanding their environmental protection activities . Employees can dispose of old household appliances and batteries in a collection box located in an office building. The project of our company also enables ecological disposal of bulky company electrical waste. The aim of the Green Firm project is to protect the environment by providing for take-back and efficient recycling of unnecessary electrical equipment. These contain many hazardous substances such as mercury, lead, cadmium or brominated flame retardants, but also a large number of recyclable and reusable materials. The initiator of the project is REMA Systém as, which organizes collection, sorting, recycling and disposal of electrical waste throughout the Czech Republic.", "Link": "https://www.bachl.cz/o-nas/zelena-usporam/"}
{"Company Name": "CSCARGO as", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "C.S.CARGO is well aware of its social responsibility and the importance of including charitable and sponsorship activities in its mission. Since the company's founding in 1995, it has cooperated on and taken part in a series of projects, both local and national. C.S.CARGO's social responsibility is founded on three basic pillars: Internal Social activities Environmental activities and certification C.S.CARGO's internal social responsibility We create a work environment where our employees have the opportunity for personal and career growth. We apply methods and evaluation systems expressively tied to output in order to maximize the motivation of our employees. We also value their loyalty, which has allowed us to build a stable team of professionals and experts. Employees must follow C.S.CARGO's Ethics Code, which includes internal business regulations for dealing with our suppliers and business partners. We reject any type of discrimination, be it based on sex, religion, political affiliation, nationality, age, or sexual identity. C.S.CARGO's social responsibility in social areas Since its founding, C.S.CARGO has taken part in a number of charitable activities. Our philosophy of social responsibility is connected to the overall group's strategy and is an integral part of the company's mission and vision. Sports HBC JíčínHBC Jičín C.S.CARGO is the proud general partner of HBC Jičín. We have cooperated with the Jičín handball club for a number of years and our employees have become fans of the team, making it a point to attend all the club's important games. Handball has a long tradition in Jičín and the surrounding area, and has gained a good deal of respect in recent years. The first mention of handball in Jičín dates back to 1941 and the club was officially founded in 1942. The club had an extraordinary 2013, when the it soundly defeated TJ Cement Hranice in front of a ravenous sell-out crowd to take the national championship, the first in its history. And C.S.CARGO helped make it happen! Krkonošák Krkonošák 2012 Bike Marathon C.S.CARGO became a partner of the Krkonošák bike marathon in Lomnice nad Popelkou, a race that grows in size every year. Participants can choose the length of the course on their own, biking either 86, 51, or 28 kilometers. As our company is full of amateur athletes, many of our employees have taken part under the auspices of the newly-created C.S.CARGO team. CITY TRIATHLON Karlovy Vary TriathlonC.S.CARGO began supporting the traditional triathlon held in Karlovy Vary in 2010, which is now called the CITY TRIATHLON. The top European triathletes take part in this unique event. The race is one of the few triathlons in the Czech Republic where the action takes place in heart of the city. As part of our support, we provide the organizers with free transport of materials for the event. Non-profit or charity projects OO SPMP Jičín – APROPO apropoThe regional organization of the society for the support of people with mental handicaps in Jičín (OOSPMP Jičín) – APROPO was founded in 1996. C.S.CARGO's management was moved by the plight of parents who pledged to take care of their severely mentally handicapped children instead of entrusting them to institutional care. So much so, they decided to financially support them and in 2003 the company became a regular partner with the association. Diaklub Nová Paka In the past, C.S.CARGO acquired a series of companies in the transport and logistics sector. We're proud to continue support of projects these companies started. One of those is the long-term financial support of Diaklubu Nová Paka. Diaklub is an association of diabetic children in the Hradec Králové region and has been associated with the hospital in Jičín since 2008. The group organizes events throughout the year for children with diabetes with the goal of making their experience similar to those of their peers. TJ Jičín – The Czech National Handicapped Table Tennis Championship Since 2002, our company has been a regular partner of the Czech Handicapped Table Tennis National Championship through the Jičín athletic club. Every year, the participants provide a fantastic tournament, which deserves not only our help and support, but also a visit in person. Medical material for the Czech Army Armáda črCar first aid kits from the C.S.CARGO fleet that had to be replaced according to the Transport Ministry regulation that took effect on January 1, 2011 went to good use. We presented the materials to representatives of the Czech Army at Lipník nad Bečvou. The first aid kits went to members of the Afghan National Police and Afghan National Army that Czech soldiers cooperate with. Many vehicles of the Afghan army and police lack basic healthcare materials, which can save lives in the complicated security conditions in that country. Culture and regional activities Jičín Foundation – The Town of Fairy Tales Jíčín město pohádkyThe beginnings of the fairy tale festival dates back to 1990, when the first “Kubínova Jičína” festival took place. A year later, a civic group made up of mostly educators helped establish the now-internationally known festival Jičín – The Town of Fairy Tales. Our company completely identifies with the goals and aims of this festival, which include the integration of mentally and physically handicapped children, or the environmental education of the general public. We have financially contributed to the festival since 2000. The Brothers Forman Theatre C.S.CARGO also supports the artistic activities of the brothers Forman as part of its social responsibility policy. In 2010, we gifted the theater a truck capable of transporting a mobile theater tent for the cabaret project Obludárium (Freak Show), which traveled over 33,000 km throughout Europe. The show was created with the help of the Theatre National de Bretagne in France and played 462 times, mostly in Western Europe (France, Spain, Italy, Scandinavia) and Israel. In April 2011, the Obludárium returned from its travel to play 9 shows in a circus tent on the main square in Jičín, which the city itself took part in organizing. The Brothers Forman Theatre and its Obludárium took part in the 48th Annual International Film Festival in Karlovy Vary in June 2013 with the support of C.S.CARGO, where it performed four shows. Playgrounds in Jičíně C.S.CARGO a.s. supported the construction of a new and modern playground in one of the largest housing projects in Jičín. The playground, which can be found in U Trati street, underwent minor alterations in 2012 and continues to serve the children of the area. Flood aid in the Liberec region LiberecThe Liberec region experienced damaging floods in 2010, which affected some of our employees as well. The company's management decided to help these employees by setting up a so-called flood account. They also received full pay while at home removing the flood damage. Other people needed help as well. We delivered mineral water worth some CZK 40,000 to victims in the town of Raspenava. Employees from the Liberec branch also offered to help themselves. Additionally, we provided free use of vehicles to transport humanitarian aid. C.S.CARGO employees had the opportunity to contribute small financial amounts to the newly-created accounts, which collected CZK 39,649 that went toward the reconstruction of the nursery school in Donín, Hrádek nad Nisou. Education and cooperation with schools University of Pardubice UPWe are well aware of the advantages and the need to work with students of transport schools. We get special joy from transferring information to future transport and logistics experts and we're pleased that we can present C.S.CARGO and offer them employment in our team. We cooperate on an EU operational program with the Jan Perner Transport Faculty. C.S.CARGO is a partner of the Operational Program Education for Competitiveness CZ.1.07/2.2.00/15.0352, Engineering Education as Interaction of Theory and Practice. C.S.CARGO allows students to work at the company for two years on a defined, mutually agreed-upon upon project, which results in the creation of a dissertation, lectures, and seminars that connect theory and practice in logistics. Environmental areas and certification C.S.CARGO a.s. is ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 certified. As part of the implemented system, we set process and policies that go beyond those required by the certified norms. We are aware the effect our business has on the environment, which is why we actively and responsibly set environmental goals and regularly evaluate the functioning of the system that we constantly try to improve. We also focus on our employees at all levels, who we educate about protecting the environment, saving energy, and the foundations of minimizing the negative effects of our everyday activities. C.S.CARGO possesses trucks that meet EURO emissions norms.", "Link": "https://www.cscargo.cz/en/csr/"}
{"Company Name": "Calzedonia Group", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "In order to comply with the Agenda for Sustainable Development of the United Nations, the Calzedonia Group intends to pursue its Sustainable Development Goals. Moreover, the Group acknowledges that the respect for human rights within the scope of the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights is a key factor for sustainable development. Sustainability is interpreted as being able to offer a range of products whose entire production line can strictly comply with human and social rights and with the strictest standards on the environment, health and safety, all based on transparency and constant dialogue with the stakeholders of the Calzedonia Group. In this context, the Calzedonia Group undertakes to assume an active role in promoting human rights while working pro-actively to ensure they are respected. Said commitment requires the prevention or if appropriate, the reduction of negative consequences in own activities with respect to human rights. Likewise, the Calzedonia Group will make its best efforts to prevent or reduce negative consequences on human rights directly associated in business dealings with third parties. Said commitment which is reflected in the corporate culture firmly rooted on the sustainability of its business model, covers all transactions and the entire chain of values of the Group.HUMAN RIGHTS The Calzedonia Group implements its commitment to respect and promote human rights, as set out by the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights while promoting said rights in the communities where it operates. This Code of Ethics is inspired by the following international declarations: • The UN Charter of Human Rights which includes: a) The Universal Declaration of Human Rights b) The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights c) The International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights • The Fundamental Conventions of the International Labour Organisation (hereinafter, “ILO”), the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the Decent Work Agenda. • The Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact • The United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights • The Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Moreover, the Calzedonia Group strengthens its responsibility towards sustainability and the protection of human rights by contributing to the 17 Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations within the scope of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. Based on a revision of its business model and expectations of stakeholders, the Calzedonia Group has identified the human rights, work and non-work related, directly associated with its value chain. Notwithstanding the above, the Calzedonia Group re-affirms its commitment to respect and promote all human rights recognised internationally, in particular: • Respect for the rights of minorities and communities: The Calzedonia Group undertakes to comply with the rights of the local communities in the areas where it runs its business and comply with laws, the culture and local customs while undertaking to keep an open dialogue with its stakeholders and pay particular attention to the most vulnerable groups. • Right to privacy: The Calzedonia Group complies with the privacy rights of all persons with whom it engages in business and will ensure the proper use of any personal data gathered in all the countries in which it operates. • Right to health: The Calzedonia Group undertakes to take the necessary measures to ensure that its products do not pose a threat to the health and safety of customers. • Right to freedom of opinion, information and expression: The Calzedonia Group undertakes to comply with and promote within its scope of application, the right to freedom of opinion, information and expression thereby respecting the diversity in opinion while promoting a two-way communication with its stakeholders. • Right to security of the person: The Calzedonia Group undertakes to ensure the security of all persons who the Group deals with in all of its areas. Private security companies to which the Group is associated act in compliance with applicable laws and regulations and respect human rights. • Helping fight against corruption: The Calzedonia Group is committed to helping fight against all types of corruption, direct or indirect, including extortion and bribery, in compliance with Principle 10 of the Global Compact of the United Nations. The Calzedonia Group relies on a prevention model against criminal threats and a compliance model to prevent illegitimate or unlawful conduct associated with any form of corruption. • Right to water and the environment: The Calzedonia Group undertakes to incorporate environmental variables, namely those associated with consequences in climate changes and in water management, during the planning and implementation of its activities and those of its business partners thereby promoting responsible environmental behaviour among its staff, its suppliers and the company in general. The Group relies on a solid and efficient global environmental management standard. The Calzedonia Group will abide by environmental laws and regulations that apply to its activities, in addition to any other future obligation and will make special efforts to prevent pollution while reducing as much as possible the potential environmental impact generated by its chain of distribution, both in terms of human and natural resources. Likewise, the Group will contribute to protect the environment by implementing measures for constant improvement and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, direct or indirect, as well as reduce consumption of resources, monitoring spills of chemicals, minimizing the use of components that are potentially hazardous for the environment or for people and in general oversee the entire environmental management system of the Group. To that end, the Calzedonia Group is aware of the importance of the First Universal Legally Binding Global Climate Agreement., ratified by 195 countries on December 2015 during the Climate Change Conference in Paris (COP21). • Against forced or compulsory labour: The Calzedonia Group rejects any form of forced or compulsory labour. This applies to own employees and those of the Group’s distribution chain in its entirely, as well as any natural or legal person associated with the Calzedonia Group. The Calzedonia Group abides by the United Nations Global Compact principles according to which companies are bound to support the elimination of any form of forced or compulsory labour or any work under coercion. • Against child labour: The Calzedonia Group respects rights of children and rejects child labour complying with the minimum age required for employment, as set out by the national laws of every country. • Against discrimination and promoting diversity: The Calzedonia Group rejects any form of discrimination while respecting the diversity of its employees and offering equal job opportunities and a chance for professional advancement. Employees of the Group will not be exposed to discrimination based on race, origin, ethnic group, disability, disease, religion, marital status, sexual orientation, political opinion, age, nationality, gender or for any other reason. Moreover, manufacturers and suppliers will refrain from engaging in any discriminatory practices in relation to recruitment, salaries, training opportunities, advancement, termination of job contracts or retirement. • Respect for freedom of association and collective bargaining: The Calzedonia Group recognises the right of employees to set up, participate or join trade unions or organisations aimed at protecting and promoting their interests, regardless of the environment in which they work. Moreover, the Group ensures its workers compliance to collective bargaining, freedom of opinion and the protection of workers’ representatives. The manufacturers and suppliers of the Calzedonia Group ensure its employees, without distinction, freedom of association and collective bargaining, as well as the right to join a trade union. There will be no retaliation if said rights are exercised and no compensation or payment of any sort will be offered to employees to prevent the exercise of said rights. Likewise, said manufacturers and suppliers must adopt a proactive attitude and support trade union activities when operating within the Calzedonia Group. • Protection of workers’ health and safety: All employees of the Calzedonia Group work in a healthy and safe working environment. The Calzedonia Group guarantees a healthy and safe working environment for all its employees thanks to the compliance of procedures and standards on occupational, health and safety risks in the workplace thereby meeting all obligations set out by the national laws and regulations of the countries in which the Group operates. The manufacturers and suppliers of the Calzedonia Group will also offer a healthy and safe working environment to all their employees thereby guaranteeing minimum light, ventilation, hygiene conditions as well as comply with fire prevention standards, safety and ensure access to drinking water. If required, facilities will be provided to preserve food, including accommodation and if provided, they will be clean and safe. Said manufacturers and suppliers will take the necessary precautions to prevent accidents and damages to the health of workers while minimising work-related risks as much as possible. Manufacturers and suppliers will regularly offer training courses to their employees on workplace health and safety. The Calzedonia Group will duly keep track of training courses offered. Likewise, a workplace health and safety representative will be appointed within the management team and will have the appropriate decisional powers. • Just, fair and favourable working conditions: The Calzedonia Group treats all of its employees with respect and in a just and fair manner, paying their wages in compliance with applicable laws, observing laws on minimum wage, overtime work and benefits. Manufacturers and suppliers will not make any withholdings or deductions on wages for disciplinary reasons or for any other reasons without the express authorisation of workers, except for those required by applicable regulations. Likewise, they will provide all workers the following: written, understandable information regarding their wage conditions at the time of hire and detailed information on their salaries, every time they are paid. Moreover, manufacturers and suppliers will ensure that salaries are paid on time, as well as any other payment or benefit in full compliance with applicable laws and in particular, guarantee that payments are made in the best suited manner for workers. The Calzedonia Group guarantees its employees a working environment free of any form of harassment, intimidation or violence. Therefore, any form of harassment or abuse towards employees is strictly prohibited, including sexual, psychological or verbal harassment, as well as any other conduct that may create an intimidating, offensive or hostile working environment. Manufacturers and suppliers of the Calzedonia Group will be bound to abide by the provisions of this Code of Ethics in order to guarantee all employees just, fair and favourable working conditions. 4.2 FIGHT AGAINST CORRUPTION The Calzedonia Group is strongly committed to fight against any form of corruption in all countries in which it operates and to that end, is committed to preventing and will fight against any form of corruption in the broadest sense, public or private, and in particular: - active corruption where a person gives or promise another any benefit (money, gifts or other) with the purpose of persuading that person not to fulfil his/her own duties; - passive corruption where a person requests or receives from another any benefit with the purpose of not fulfilling his/her own duties. In this respect, Calzedonia condemns any sort of conduct or behaviour contrary to laws and regulations or in any case, conduct that breaches internal rules or principles of sound and transparent business management, principles of which the companies of the Group are inspired by according to the methods set out by this Code of Ethics in dealings with the various stakeholders (public authorities and in particular civil servants, but also manufacturers and suppliers, business partners, non-governmental organisations and local communities). Calzedonia ensures the prevention of potential corruptive offences relying on all instruments and available resources by training staff, through constant monitoring of activities at risk and through the application of sanctions for said violations. The Group strictly prosecutes behaviour that does not conform to ethical and legal principles and implements policies to interact and involve staff members and third parties (suppliers and collaborators) with the conviction that all stakeholders can help prevent and mitigate own risks in the company activities in terms of sustainability in the mid-long term. 4.3 DIVERSITY AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT From a perspective of harmony and equality in a healthy, stimulating and productive working environment, policies aimed at removing and overcoming gender obstacles within the organisation have been reinforced within the Calzedonia Group and inclusion policies of any “diversity” have been promoted with special emphasis and care in developing growth opportunities for diverse people. Calzedonia undertakes to prevent and fight against any form of discrimination based on gender, age, race, ethnic group or nationality, political opinion, religion or sexual orientation, language, health conditions or disability, pregnancy, maternity or paternity, including adoptions, trade union affiliations and any other form of diversity. The Company adopts policies to favour social aspects and those regarding the management of its staff, namely actions and measures aimed at guaranteeing equal opportunities and prevent discrimination, the implementation of conventions of international and supranational organisations, as well as dialogue with social partners. Calzedonia relies on a performance assessment system compatible with an individual’s enhancement and development to have a merit-based system without any prejudice. Special emphasis is given to social inclusion policies, as well as to policies on the integration of expatriate staff, workplace health and safety, work-life balance and on the turnover of staff based on age, salary/wages and professional level, as well as work organisation; maternity protection and promotion in general of policies to support families. A major consideration regarding the Group is based on the fact that women are still severely under-represented in decisional roles for many reasons, despite the fact that many international companies have adopted and implemented policies on gender and diversity. This is why Calzedonia intends to act and put into effect policies to get rid of inequality while guaranteeing equal pay and general welfare policies/policies to support the families of employees and women as individuals. This is done due to complex reasons of equality, the economic wellbeing of children and families, as well as due to the society in general and the increasing number of women in the labour market, including equal pay, as it is crucial for the economic growth of the country and has a quite significant trait in Calzedonia where there is a strong presence of women, considerably by role, qualification and lastly their number within the organisation. Generally, the guidelines followed by the Group to overcome gender diversity and contribute to the consolidation of a gender culture with respect to differences, aiming for economic equality of women and men (e.g. facilitate balance in household responsibilities with corporate welfare policies, such as childcare services, maternity leave and flexible job conditions, etc), equal salaries for jobs of equal value (e.g. reduce disparity in economic sectors and in occupations, equality in the decisional process (improve the balance between men and women who fill a major position in the company; ensure balance in gender representation among executives and directors; promoting equality in the decisional process implies a better balance between men and women in top management positions and in the pool of best talents), dignity, integrity and fight against gender violence and equality among women and man in external actions (e.g. strengthen gender integration by including considerations on gender equality in impact assessments and analysis, in line with general principles of sustainability; define and implement corporate policies that, starting from top management, can involve everyone at all levels of the organisation with respect to the principle of equal dignity and treatment in the workplace; inform personnel of the commitment assumed in favour of a corporate culture of equal opportunities in the most proper manner by providing information on projects undertaken thereof and the practical results achieved; promote external visibility of the corporate commitment by witnessing the adopted policies and obtained progresses within the scope of a responsible community of solidarity). The Calzedonia Group will conduct its activities in the most eco-sustainable manner possible by encouraging the preservation of biodiversity and sustainable management of natural resources, as deduced from the Group’s environmental policies. The Calzedonia Group undertakes to minimize environmental impact through the entire life cycle of its products, from the purchase of raw materials or production thereof directly from natural resources until the end of their life cycle thereby implementing in every phase of design, manufacturing, distribution and retail sale and final use, a series of measures aimed at reducing and compensating said impact. The principles that regulate the procedures of the Group on the environment are as follows: a) Observance of applicable environmental laws and regulations and any other obligations related thereto thereby paying special attention to preventing pollution while minimising, where possible, the potential environmental impact generated by its own line of production with respect to natural resources and people. b) Environmental protection and implementation of measures for constant improvement on the reduction of direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions, reduction of consumption of natural resources, monitoring of spills of potentially hazardous chemicals and implementation of our environmental management system in its entirely. c) Consideration on the consequences of climate change, water management and biodiversity protection in the planning and implementation of own activities and those of own business partners, manufacturers and suppliers thereby encouraging environmental awareness. During its procurement activities of raw materials from animal origin (such as for example, hides, feathers, etc.), the Group requires its collaborators and suppliers to ensure that said materials are not obtained from cruel farming practices and that maltreatment and other detrimental activities are rejected.", "Link": "https://www.calzedoniagroup.com/en/world-in-progress/our-model-and-contribution/business-model-and-approach-to-sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "CANON CZ sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "At Canon, we follow the Kyosei philosophy, which means \"living together and working for the common good\". This philosophy shapes everything we do as a business and underlines our vision of sustainability for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), an \"increase in the positive impact of image technology and services\". We are absolutely convinced of the beneficial impact that Canon, its employees, products and services can bring to our customers and wider companies. Ensuring further realization of these benefits is a very important part of our vision. At Canon, we see dispelling concerns surrounding our business and satisfying stakeholder expectations as our social responsibility as a corporate citizen. Under our corporate philosophy of kyosei, we have identified the following as materiality themes that Canon must help address to contribute to the realization of a better society: “creating new value and solving social issues,” “protecting and conserving the global environment” and “responding to people and society as a good corporate citizen.” Our CSR activities are strongly focused on achieving these goals. In promoting these activities, compliance, governance and risk management are the basis for gaining the trust of our customers and business partners. In 2017, we instituted the “Canon Group CSR Basic Statement,” which we disseminated throughout the entire Group. Supply chain management is another area where expectations have risen in recent years. In 2018, we instituted the “Canon Supplier CSR Guidelines” alongside the annual checks that we undertake to gauge the CSR activities of our thousands of suppliers. Kyosei is consistent with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations in 2015. We believe we can help achieve these goals through our various business activities. Creating New Value and Addressing Societal Issues One of the key strategies under Phase V of the Excellent Global Corporation Plan is to reinforce and expand new businesses while creating future businesses. We believe that we should seek to create new value for society through our business activities, while also supplying products and services that can help address societal issues. Many examples of Canon products that help to address these issues already exist, including medical diagnostic systems, network cameras and industrial equipment. Protecting and Conserving the Global Environment Global environmental protection and conservation constitute one of the most critical issues that companies must address to generate sustainable growth. We are striving to increase operational efficiency while reducing environmental impact at all Canon Group operating sites worldwide, based on the concept of maximizing resource efficiency. We have consistently engaged in activities that aim to reduce the environmental impact of Canon products over their entire life cycle. We practice green procurement, the purchasing of eco-friendly parts and materials. Other activities include energy-efficient design, recycling of factory wastewater, and collection and recycling programs for toner cartridges. As an overall indicator of environmental performance, we have set a goal of improving product lifecycle CO2 emissions by an average of 3% per year. Over the period from 2008 to 2018, we achieved average improvements of 5% per year. In 2018, we also began operating the Canon Eco Technology Park for more advanced and efficient “closed-loop recycling” through state-of-the-art recycling technology. In addition, based on our Biodiversity Policy, we are seeking to leverage our products and technologies to promote a society that fosters rich biodiversity. Going forward, as outlined in our Environmental Vision “Action for Green,” we will continue our efforts to realize a society that promotes both enriched lifestyles and the needs of the global environment. Canon’s Aspiration as a Good Corporate Citizen With the Enterprising Spirit and the San-ji Spirit that make up our corporate DNA as a starting point, we will work to accelerate our strategic transformation based on the Excellent Global Corporation Plan with the aim of generating sustained growth. Based on our corporate philosophy of kyosei, we will work together with our customers and business partners to help realize a better society by contributing to the achievement of the SDGs through Canon’s business activities. In doing so, we hope that Canon will continue to prosper as an enterprise for the next 100— or even 200—years. We humbly ask for your continued support.Responding to People and Society as a Good Corporate Citizen Canon strives to gain the trust of customers and business partners, and implements thorough quality control to improve our corporate sustainability. For employees, alongside respect for human rights, we focus on creating workplaces that help to promote diversity while supporting better work-life balance. We continue to promote the Canon Spirit— comprising the San-ji Spirit and an Enterprising Spirit— while creating workplace conditions to help each employee fulfill their potential. We are also actively engaged in various social contribution activities around the world to assist with humanitarian and disaster-relief efforts, fund educational and academic support initiatives, and promote the arts, culture and sports.", "Link": "https://www.canon.cz/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Capacita sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Capgemini Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our Corporate Social Responsibility Approach In today’s unpredictable business environment, the need for responsible business practices is more critical than ever. We believe that corporate social responsibility delivers added value to our clients, employees, shareholders, business partners and the communities in which we live and operate.At Capgemini, the principles of corporate social responsibility go beyond legal compliance and philanthropy. They are embedded in our business to attract the best talent, better partner with clients, and achieve growth and profitability through diversity of thought. Our leadership in corporate social responsibility excellence is driven by a bold and influential approach that encompasses: Environmental Sustainability: We have a deep and measured understanding of our impact on the environment. We are working to reduce our impact on the natural environment from energy, business travel and waste. We raise employee awareness on critical issues in sustainable development. Community Engagement: We strive to have a positive impact on the communities in which we live and operate. To do so, we work with local, national and international charities, NGOs and authorities on topics such as inclusivity and skills for the future. We support and encourage our employees to actively participate in community development. Diversity & Inclusion: We aim to be the employer of choice for people who wish to flourish in a creative and diverse environment. As a responsible and inclusive employer, we focus on the professional development and well-being of all our employees, with respect and value for their diversity. We ensure that our business practices and facilities create the foundation for excellence.Our Environmental Impact We strive to minimize the environmental impact of our operations while supporting our clients’ sustainability initiatives. Currently, we are addressing the following key areas: Energy usage: We have invested in upgrading the infrastructure of our buildings in order to improve their energy efficiency. We have implemented lighting, cooling, and heating to further increase efficiency. When making new real estate acquisitions, efficiency and sustainability certifications such as LEED are considered in the decision process, as is accessibility to mass-transit. We actively monitor our power consumption, implementing advanced energy saving measures such as high efficiency lighting and smart energy systems. Business travel: Business travel is an important area of focus for Capgemini in North America. While recognizing the critical importance of face-to-face contact with clients, our business travel and hotel stays contribute to our carbon footprint. We promote smart, safe travel through our North America Travel program. The NA Travel team facilitates the reduction of business travel and employee commuting emissions, ensuring that the right tools are in place for every employee to make informed, sustainable decisions when it comes to travel. Advances in video conferencing technology have radically changed the way businesses operate, reducing the need for time consuming and carbon intensive business travel. To enable a reduction in non-essential travel, we have implemented remote working and video conferencing technologies in all of our offices. Waste management: From refits to refurbishments, our business activities generate waste. We provide recycling facilities in our offices, and employ environmentally friendly disposal and electronic equipment recycling. We discourage unnecessary printing and photocopying. All electronic equipment is recycled according to local legislation. Our Environmental Priorities Our Environmental Policy sets out our environmental priorities. In 2016, we achieved ISO 14001 certification – the international standard for environmental management systems.Additionally, Capgemini upholds the principles of the UN Global Compact and is a signatory of the UN’s Caring for Climate program, which promotes environmental responsibility and environmentally friendly technologies.", "Link": "https://www.capgemini.com/ca-en/our-corporate-responsibility-sustainability-approach/"}
{"Company Name": "Career Partner, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Cataler Europe Czech sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CCI Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Not only work but also entertainment, you might say. But fun that helps. We have been contributing to various non-profit organizations and volunteering for a long time. We donated almost CZK 500,000 for charitable purposes and we want to be even more active and generous in the coming years.Benefit badminton tournaments We regularly participate in BenePink beneficial badminton tournaments in support of the Wheelchair League. Last year we contributed in this way to the personal assistance program.Charitable auctions We organize charity auctions every year. Last year we realized a total of three and the proceeds went to the account of Matěj Kocián, to the account of the Endowment Fund of Child Oncology KRTEK and to the account of the Endowment Fund Kometka.Teen Challenge International Czech Republic „I would like to thank you and your team at least in this way for your participation in corporate volunteering in TeenChallenge.“ Petra Lazárková, RATOLEST BRNO, civic association. Construction of the camp in Lysice “I would like to take this opportunity to thank you very much for your assistance in the construction of the summer camp for children. The guys did a lot of work. We appreciate your help. ” For the 69th Pioneer Group Ing. Jaroslav Pipota. TU Brno Racing Since 2013 we have been cooperating with the TU Brno Racing team. Their main goal is to design and construct a one-seat racing vehicle (formula) for participation in prestigious international university team competitions.Ekoden with Comet “I believe that together with you we have managed to show children that care for the environment makes sense. In total, the teams managed to collect 600 kg of waste. Thank you for everything. ” Ivana Drobiszová, Marketing, Kometa Group as", "Link": "https://www.imi-ity.cz/i-my-myslime-na-ostatni/"}
{"Company Name": "CCS Czech Credit Card Company Ltd. / FLEETCOR", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "celio *", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Celio, it's also the brand feel good * that brings well-being As part of its CSR approach (1),celio is committed to developing its societal commitment and involving its customers and employees. Among its initiatives, Celio has decided to give visibility to the Cé ke association of happiness and allow it to collect donations for its activities for children and teenagers hospitalized, through the rounding in cash. Thus, the cents of our customers are 100% donated to the association Cé ke du Bonheur. This approach is currently in place in our French branch stores and we hope to roll it out soon in our affiliated stores.", "Link": "https://www.celio.in/discover-celio"}
{"Company Name": "CEMEX, sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our Credentials Our hard work towards being the industry leader in sustainability practices has been recognized by various prestigious organizations CEMEX is proud to have earned a place on CDP’s Climate A List – recognizing us as leaders of corporate Climate Action through transparency. Only two building materials companies made it into the A List this year. CEMEX has been included in this new Index launched by S&P Dow Jones Indices (S&P DJI), International Finance Corporation (IFC), RobecoSAM and the Exchanges of the Mercado Integrado Latinoamericano (MILA) CEMEX is a member of this Index created by FTSE Russell to measure the performance of companies demonstrating strong Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) practices CEMEX is one of the Top 10 constituents of the MSCI EM Latin America ESG Leaders Index, a capitalization weighted index that provides exposure to companies with high Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) performance relative to their sector peers Since its inception in 2011 CEMEX has been a constituent of the Mexican Stock Exchange Sustainability Index, which recognizes organizations’ performance in Corporate Governance, Social Responsibility, and Environment. Moreover, for the 4th consecutive year, CEMEX has achieved the highest total score for the 3 sustainability pillars among about 80 listed companies CEMEX is included in this Index comprised by the 100 best performing companies from Emerging markets in a best in class approach from their reference universe, which contains in more than 800 companies, from 35 sectors in 31 countries", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CENTROPOL ENERGY as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We support families with children and seniors Energy helps is a non-profit project that focuses mainly on strengthening relationships across generations. We help those who need it most We regularly announce literary competitions at primary and secondary schools on the topics of old age and intergenerational dialogue. We support the development of multi-generation centers, the involvement of seniors in volunteering and other projects in which young people work together with their parents and grandparents. We organize benefit concerts in which sick or handicapped children participate.Where does Energy help? We will support any interesting project of non-governmental non-profit organization as well as contributory organizations established by the town or municipality anywhere in the Czech Republic.Mutual respect and respect between generations is slowly disappearing from society each year. Through the Energy project, we want to contribute to the renewal and strengthening of intergenerational dialogue not only in families but also at the community level. We believe that by supporting various joint activities of students and seniors we can contribute to the recovery of the whole society.", "Link": "https://www.centropol.cz/o-spolecnosti/energie-pomaha/"}
{"Company Name": "CENTURY 21 Czech Republic", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CertiCon as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "CertiCon a.s., aware of the extraordinary social importance of educating the public in the area of the use of information and communication technologies, has long supported the introduction and development of a non-profit international ECDL concept of digital literacy and digital knowledge and skills in the Czech Republic. CertiCon a.s. has also contributed to the development and operation of a national information system for ECDL – tested WASET and workgroup, established in the Czech Society for Cybernetics and Informatics (CSCI), which is the guarantor of quality and the national authority of the ECDL concept.CERTICON has been using a quality management system satisfying ISO 9001:2009 since 2002. We hold certificates for the design, development, testing, diagnostics and provisioning of software products, including the provisioning of consultation, outsourcing and other related services, as well for the design, development, testing and production of digital, analogue and mixed electronic circuit signals, including the provisioning of consultation, outsourcing and other related services. ISO 13485 This certificate demonstrates our ability to develop healthcare devices and to provide related services that continually fulfil the relevant legal requirements and client requirements. We have expanded the application of healthcare standards and procedures for all of our various development activities, including the assessment of risk in the scope of all the projects, and without increasing expenses. That enables us to work on applications used in critical environments, from medicine to the financial sector. ISO 14001 This is an international standard that specifies the process for the management and improvement of business performance and its effect on the environment. ISO 45001 This standard is recognised internationally as a method for assessing and auditing the protection of occupational health and the management of safety systems. It was developed by leaders in the area of trade and international standards bodies. The standard provides companies and organisations with a framework for the proper and effective management of occupational health and safety. All of our activities are managed by methods and standards leading to the achievement of successful development. The choice of the methodology and approach is carried out by leading professionals, who hold internationally-recognised certification such as Project Management Professional (PMI PMP), IPMA, PRINCE2, Certified Scrum Master (CSM) and ITIL for the optimal organisations of IT services.", "Link": "http://www.certicon.cz/about-us/?lang=en#corporate-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "CETIN as", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "ETHICAL LINE On this site, you may report suspicions or findings of unethical, incorrect, illegal, or other conduct that is or could be in violation of the PPF Group Code of Ethics. PPF Group is a diversified investment group, both geographically and in the industry. Despite this considerable diversification, PPF Group unites respect for compliance with legal regulations, international treaties, ethics, morality and fair trade. The Group's Code of Ethics ensures that these core principles are adhered to by PPF Group and its employees in the course of their daily work activities. PPF Group has an interest in complying with the rules of this Code of Conduct in all its activities and in all circumstances, thus respecting the fundamental principles, values ​​and rules of PPF Group. WHAT IS THE ETHICS LINE? The PPF Ethics Line is part of the comprehensive Corporate Compliance of CETIN as (as part of the PPF Group). It was established as one of the means of reporting unethical, incorrect, unlawful, or other conduct contrary to the PPF Group Code of Ethics. This line is intended for employees and associates as well as for all third parties. WHAT IS CETIN AS CORPORATE COMPLIANCE? The CETIN as Corporate Compliance Program is a system of control mechanisms designed to prevent the unlawful and / or unethical conduct of CETIN as and its employees, statutory bodies, external consultants, etc. HOW ARE NOTIFIED COMPLAINTS HANDLED? Since the Ethics Line is primarily intended to provide information that cannot be disclosed publicly or directly for various reasons, its use is completely discreet and voluntary. The legal department of CETIN as and the legal department of PPF as as the main unit within the PPF Group's Corporate Compliance Program are designated for receiving and evaluating suggestions received through the PPF Ethics Line. HOW CAN THE OUTCOME OF THE NOTIFIED COMPLAINT BE IDENTIFIED? The complaint may be made entirely anonymously or by entering the notifier's email address. Depending on the form of the complaint, the result of the investigation will be subsequently communicated. If the notifier communicates its email address or other contact details when submitting the complaint, information on the outcome of the investigation of the notified complaint will be delivered electronically to the specified email address.", "Link": "https://www.cetin.cz/odpovedny-pristup"}
{"Company Name": "CGI CS&EE", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "WE SUPPORT OUR EMPLOYEES IN THEIR VOLUNTARY ACTIVITIES We have already contributed ParaCentrum Fenix for medical devices, ergotherapy, the project Back to Life and the construction of a new center. For the third year, our Nicholas, devils and angels attended the St. Nicholas Day at the Department of Geriatrics, Neurology and Internal Medicine of Thomayer Hospital. We have already joined the eighth beneficial bazaar , whose proceeds support the activities of the Lékořice Supporting Care Center at Thomayer Hospital. Eighteen times our employees have been assisting the Licorice Support Center through manual help or creative patient workshops. Further activities are planned. The third year of baking Christmas cookies for CGI Vendohrádek Vendula - sanitary facilities for people with severe disabilities. For Christmas, we regularly make children happy in orphanages and shelters. The Barriers Account is our long-term partner. In Slovakia, we supported Plamienok - a center of palliative and hospice care with EUR 6,000 . The amount of 4.100 EUR, we contributed Red Nose organization in the Slovak Republic. We plant trees as gifts for our important customers. We joined the National Food Collection .", "Link": "https://www.cgi.com/ceska-republika/cs/CSR"}
{"Company Name": "CIE Development sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CIVOP", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Clarios", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Creating a sustainable, responsible future We’re forever seeking the better solution for our customers, for the planet we all share, and for the people who use our vehicle energy storage products every day. Our goal is progress – for people, businesses, and our planet For more than 130 years, we’ve focused on developing battery technologies using less energy and resources, while meeting increasing consumer demands and the needs of our customers. Clarios blueprint for a sustainable energy future Our blueprint is built on 130+ years of leadership across every stage of battery innovation, design, materials sourcing, manufacturing, distribution, collection and recycling.We will leave the world better than we found it Our expertise shapes the future of efficient, safe and secure low-voltage power for tomorrow’s vehicle platforms and autonomous vehicles. Today our advanced battery technology has the ability to cover 95% of OEM vehicle platforms supporting a 5%+ increase in fuel economy. We are committed to developing sustainable energy storage solutions that are powered by research and insights to meet the demands of our customers, communities, investors and employees.We hold ourselves to the highest performance expectations – our own Our drive for environmental performance and efficiency enables us to produce more batteries in the same plant footprint. Since 1990, our global lead air emissions have dropped by 95% with 6x more batteries made. We are raising our standards to cultivate a safe, sustainable workplace. We are going further – with renewed commitment to actively preventing occupational injuries, protecting the environment, conserving energy, water, and raw materials, using renewable energy, preventing pollution, and recycling and reusing battery components. We advance closed-loop systems to make smart, efficient use of resources Our leading closed-loop system is a distinct advantage and model for new opportunities. Our closed-loop system encompasses battery design, manufacture, transport, recovery and recycling—making automotive batteries the most recycled consumer product in the world. This means we have a local, predictable, and resilient supply chain – especially in North America – with the ability to optimize reverse logistics and drive further efficiencies. We are actively collaborating with partners and policy makers to share our experience and accelerate global adoption of circular economy principles.We publicly report our performance and progress toward our goals We are committed to setting the standard in Environmental Health & Safety (EH&S), Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) and Risk Management and holding ourselves accountable. We do that by leading, exceeding the requirements, and letting our performance do the talking.We lead in efforts to create global standards for equal protection We are working with communities, customers, and governments around the world to raise standards and promote best practices that make the world a safer, cleaner place. Clarios advocates for regulatory standards and industry best practices that provide equal protection for everyone on the planet. We serve as a resource for governments and trade organizations to understand and responsibly mitigate risks within the battery lifecycle.", "Link": "https://www.clarios.com/global-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Clementas Mlekovice, sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Cleverlance Enterprise Solutions Inc.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our Values Thanks to the creativity of our specialists we’re able to deliver original yet functional solutions. As well as tried and tested procedures we look for new perspectives on problems. We lay emphasis on punctual delivery of the highest quality. We’re able to achieve this thanks to our amazing team of specialists. We don’t try and offer you the largest, most complex solution. Instead, we select the approach that best meets the needs and capacities of our clients. We Support We help, because we can! But not only as a company. We are very proud that our employees are not indifferent to the problems of others, they are helping, taking parts in charities and organizing some of them as well. Compliance Principles In Cleverlance we follow the ethical rules and principles valid in the whole KKCG Group that we are a part of. We ask from our business partners to comply with the same ethical rules too.", "Link": "https://www.cleverlance.com/en/about-us"}
{"Company Name": "CLINICUM, as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Coca Cola", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility: it’s in our DNA Our planet matters. We act in ways to create a more sustainable and better shared future. To make a difference in people's lives, communities and our planet by doing business the right way.Giving people options and choices We offer 500+ brands and 4,100+ varieties, including reduced-sugar drinks and smaller packages.We believe in taking a leadership role in a World Without Waste by making packaging part of a circular economy. Collect. Recycle. Reuse. We plan to collect and recycle a bottle or can for every one we sell by 2030. Because every package should have more than one life.Partnerships for a better shared future We can’t do it alone. We work with stakeholders, nonprofits, communities, governments and our industry to recycle and reuse.From bottle to bottle and beyond Bottles made from 100% recycled plastic, fully recyclable materials, plant-based materials and hybrid innovations are now available.We set these ambitious goals around a central idea: to make the world’s packaging waste problem a thing of the past. When you woke up this morning, you may have spent about an hour getting ready. You brushed your teeth, showered, and got dressed. Feeling hungry, perhaps you made breakfast and watched the morning news. Some of you sent children off to school. Others responded to emails that arrived overnight. Me? I cut myself shaving again. No matter who you are or where you live, one thing is certain: in that hour, an estimated 900 metric tons of plastic waste entered our oceans. That’s the mass of nearly 600 mid-size sedans. That’s unacceptable. It’s also unsustainable. If left unchecked, plastic waste will slowly choke our oceans and waterways. This waste presents clear dangers to marine life, which we see in disturbing images of animals suffering. And make no mistake, this waste will likely have a broader impact beyond wildlife. The world’s packaging problem is a symptom of a more serious condition. We’re using up our earth as if there’s another one on the shelf just waiting to be opened. In fact, the use of natural resources globally grew twice as fast as the population during the 20th century. The world’s packaging problem is a symptom of a more serious condition. We’re using up our earth as if there’s another one on the shelf just waiting to be opened. In fact, the use of natural resources globally grew twice as fast as the population during the 20th century. According to the United Nations Environment Program, global materials use is expected to reach almost 90 billion tons in 2017 – three times more than the amount used 1970. We’re using (and wasting) our natural resources at a rapidly increasing rate. We’re acting like we’ll never run out. This isn’t only a problem for unfortunate sea turtles or coastal communities that must deal with plastic bottles washing up on their shores. It’s a problem for all of us, everywhere. And, like most problems, this one provides an opportunity. We have the chance to rethink plastics, packaging, and even our economies for the better. For decades, food and beverage packaging has been an important part of our modern lives. Bottles and cans make it easy to stay hydrated on the go. They help drinks stay safe and sanitary for human consumption. They help provide clean drinking water in times of need. In fact, in 2017 we and our bottling partners donated over 1.4 million bottles of water to struggling communities in the immediate aftermath of Hurricanes Irma, Harvey, and Maria. That clean, safe water helped keep people alive. And it was only possible because of modern plastics and water bottling technology. Yet it’s tempting to romanticize a world without packaging. To assume that if we get rid of plastic bottles and cans that life will be better. For animals, for humans, for our planet. This mistakenly ignores all the good they can do. Modern food and beverage containers help reduce food spoilage and waste. They limit the spread of disease. They can help save lives. In short, bottles and cans can benefit society if they’re designed properly and disposed of responsibly. To support this, businesses like The Coca-Cola Company can challenge ourselves to do more. To lead. To take risks. And to grow with conscience by doing business the right way, not just the easy way. That’s why we’ve announced a bold, ambitious goal: to help collect and recycle a bottle or can for every one we sell by 2030. Regardless of where it comes from, we want every package to have more than one life. This is our vision for a World Without Wast Working to create a World Without Waste isn’t easy and involves many moving parts. Among them, companies have to do their part by making sure their packaging is actually recyclable. People have to do their part by actually recycling. And we all have to do whatever we can, no matter how big or small, to make sure packaging doesn’t end up where it doesn’t belong. To achieve this, we’re reimagining the entire lifecycle of a package, from how it’s designed to how it’s made. In 2009, we introduced PlantBottle, a groundbreaking innovation made from up to 30% plant-based materials. For years, we’ve been working to make our packaging 100% recyclable. And you’ve probably noticed some of our bottles are lighter than they used to be. While those are steps in the right direction, we don’t intend to stop there. We’re searching for new ways to make plastic more innovative and sustainable, and we are working to include more recycled material in our plastic bottles. Making our bottles and cans more sustainable and recyclable is only part of the answer. If something can be recycled, it should be recycled. So we want to help people everywhere understand how to do their part. Our goal is to encourage more people to recycle more often. To do that, we aim to invest our marketing dollars and skills to help people understand what to recycle, how to recycle, and where to recycle. We believe in the circular economy, where plastic, glass, and aluminum are reused many times instead of being used once and thrown away. We want others to believe in it, too. We also want to work with local communities, our competitors, and even our critics to help address this critical issue. In some communities, recycling is simple. You just drop your bottle or can in the nearest bin, and you’re done. In others, recycling is hard work. There may not be a recycling bin, or the nearest facility means a two-hour drive each way. Who has time for that? More importantly, no one should have to drive that far to recycle. Because our company is in so many communities globally, we can share our best practices. We can collaborate with governments, communities, the private sector, and NGOs to help develop more effective recycling systems that meet each community’s unique needs. We can actually help make recycling easier and more accessible for everyone. In Mexico, we’ve helped do just that. Coca-Cola bottlers joined the Mexican plastics industry and others in 2002 to create Ecology and Corporate Commitment (ECOCE), a non-profit organization dedicated to encouraging a culture of recycling. We also invested to help create the country’s two food-grade PET plastic recycling facilities, IMER and PetStar. Those investments have paid off. In 2016, Mexico recycled 57% of the PET plastic it produced (up from 9% in 2002), making it a leading country globally for recycling PET. That’s exactly what we want to do. “But what about all the bottles and cans that are already out there?” you might say. “What are you doing about those?” I’m glad you asked. Just because we’re announcing this goal for 2030 doesn’t mean we’re starting from scratch. Since 1995, we’ve been the lead sponsor of the world’s largest volunteer effort on behalf of ocean health—Ocean Conservancy’s International Coastal Cleanup. Over the course of that partnership, we’ve helped mobilize 11 million people to clean up 206 million pounds of trash from over 360,000 miles of coastline. And there’s so much more we can do together. No one company, organization, government, or person can solve this problem alone. Imagine if every company that sells packaging joined us on this journey. Imagine if we were all putting our expertise and resources into solving this problem. Imagine if we all worked to help keep packaging out of the places where it doesn’t belong. Suddenly, a World Without Waste is possible. When we all come together through concerted, collective action, we can make a meaningful, lasting difference. That must be the mindset we all take. The guiding principle by which we all operate. Because by the time you’ve read this far, an estimated 40,000 plastic bottles have already made their way into our oceans. Together, we can reduce that number. Together, we might be able to make it zero. It will require hard work, dedication, and investment from many players, but I’m certain that the payoff for our planet, our communities, and our business will be well worth the price. Now, let’s get to work.", "Link": "https://www.coca-colacompany.com/sustainable-business"}
{"Company Name": "COFIDIS sro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Coleman SI, Inc.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ComAp as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Comdata Czech as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "COMMERZBANK Aktiengesellschaft, Prague Branch", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our Responsibility Corporate responsibility is a guiding principle of Commerzbank: environmental, social and ethical aspects have a crucial role in the way we manage our company. We want our core business to influence sustainable development, we wish to offer our clients fair and professional advice, to continuously reduce our environmental footprint, to be an employer of choice for our staff and to be an asset to society. This portal has been designed to give you an overview of the scope of our endeavours. For a successful transition into a low-carbon, inclusive and sustainable economy the financial system needs to be harnessed. Finance lies at the heart of the two key international policy achievements reached in 2015: the new set of 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) spearheaded by the United Nations and the Paris Agreement on climate change limiting global warming to well below 2 °C above pre-industrial level. In order to support the transition changes actively, Commerzbank implemented a “Sustainable Finance Committee” internally netting activities and segments of the bank linked to sustainable finance. Through interdisciplinary cooperation within the bank, it shall enable and facilitate the exchange of information on current issues of sustainable finance. As a result, Commerzbank wants to support the development of new but also improve already existing products linked to sustainable finance. The committee’s mission is assuming corporate responsibility towards future generations, supporting international transformation processes and to capturing and extending new and innovative market segments. Sustainable Finance contains all measures of financial services improving the effects of a productive real economy onto environment and society. Part of this is the systematic consideration of environmental- and social risks during investment and credit decisions. In the left column you can find further information about sustainable products and services Commerzbank offers to its customers. Financial institutions play an important role in the mitigation of climate change to which the Community of Nations has committed itself in the Paris Agreement in 2015. It has been agreed as one of three goals to direct global financial flows into projects and technologies that reduce greenhouse gas emissions and promote climate-resilient development. Commerzbank recognises its responsibility to make its contribution. And not just since Paris: Since 2008, we have been pursuing a climate strategy that, among other things, envisages the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by 70% by 2020 (base year 2007). This goal was achieved two years ahead of time in 2018. Another stipulation of the climate strategy was the gradual compensation of unavoidable emissions. Since 2015, Commerzbank has been compensating its own carbon footprint with certificates from climate protection projects, thus working completely climate-neutral. Additional requirements of the climate strategy are contributions to climate protection in the core business - for example by financing renewable energies, issuing green and social bonds or trading in emission rights - and the commitment to climate protection in various initiatives. Details on the four main areas of action for the implementation of our climate strategy: 1. Climate protection as part of environmental management at the bank 2. Offsetting unavoidable carbon emissions 3. Environmentally responsible products and services in core business 4. Communication on climate protection Commerzbank is one of the Founding Signatories of the Principles for Responsible Banking. Hereby the bank emphasizes the high relevance of responsible banking for the company and is aware of the impacts of its own actions upon the society. The six Principles have been developed by the United Nations Environment Programme Financial Institutions (UNEP FI) in cooperation with 30 banks and should serve as framework to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement. Signing the Principles for Responsible Banking, Commerzbank commits itself to its responsibility to support companies in transforming their economic activities towards more sustainability. The signatories of the Principles for Responsible Banking make the commitment to set and publish targets for all significant business areas. The Principles include the strategic as well as the operational level. Commerzbank strives for taking the interests of customers, employees and investors equally appropriate into account.", "Link": "https://www.commerzbank.de/en/nachhaltigkeit/index.html"}
{"Company Name": "CommScope Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "By utilizing innovative technology, intelligent engineering and energy-efficient designs, CommScope is building sustainable networks that make our customers more agile while also preserving the natural ecosystems from which we source our raw materials. We’re privileged to have the talents of extraordinary thinkers and innovators who are recognized internally and by outside organizations for their efforts. Their committed spirit drives us as a company to be a model of safety, sustainability and corporate responsibility. CommScope has been recognized by customers and organizations around the world for outstanding solutions and services, management systems, Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability programs, initiatives and performance - view the list of our achievements and awards. CommScope maintains a reliable supply chain supported by a wide variety of expertise. In addition to our size, reach and operational precision, this diverse supply chain positions us to create effective forms of networked communication. As we continue to expand and grow into new markets, we’re working diligently to support diversity among our employees and within our supplier relationships. Through our Supplier Diversity Program, we promote mutually beneficial relationships with small businesses and those owned by minorities, women and veterans. We also continue to enhance our existing supplier selection, risk assessment and performance evaluation processes. Supplier Evaluation In selecting suppliers, CommScope applies a thorough system of checks and balances designed to minimize risk and maximize performance in our supply chain. Current and prospective suppliers undergo the selection, qualification and evaluation steps outlined below: Our Sourcing Evaluation Team (SET) is comprised of stakeholders with expertise in our procurement, quality assurance, product development processes and other areas as needed. To build positive long-term relationships, local supplier quality engineers oversee operations and perform initial and regular risk assessments and on-site audits with the suppliers in their region. They also conduct regular performance evaluations and follow up on improvement activities. All suppliers must acknowledge CommScope’s Supplier Code of Conduct. Our Supplier Quality Manual also outlines some of the basic CommScope expectations, with any variations being outlined in the individual supplier purchasing agreement. All relevant suppliers are expected to follow principles and requirements detailed in our Conflict Minerals Policy, Environmental Product Compliance Specification for Materials and Products including Restricted Substances List; and shall use the Full Material Disclosure Form to submit material content of the parts and/or materials supplied to CommScope. Transparency in Supply Chain CommScope is committed to conducting its business in an ethical, legal and socially responsible manner. We expect our suppliers to share this commitment; therefore, we have established our Supplier Code of Conduct. CommScope suppliers are expected to adhere to this code, which requires them to conduct their businesses in accordance with the highest standards of ethical behavior and with the applicable laws and regulations of the countries, states and localities in which they operate. This includes, but is not limited to, laws and regulations relating to anti-corruption, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, and labor practices. We also expect our suppliers to take steps to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from their operations and supply chain.Responsible Minerals Sourcing Minerals Sourcing CommScope complies with the conflict minerals provisions in the Dodd Frank Act enacted in the U.S. This act requires publicly traded companies to disclose the source of certain minerals incorporated in or used to produce their products. As a globally active, socially responsible company, CommScope partners only with reputable organizations to source the minerals and raw materials we use. Since we provide telecommunications equipment, our solutions may include gold, tin, tantalum or tungsten. These minerals are either necessary for product functionality or may be used in the production process. We expect our suppliers to follow the same standard. This includes: Avoiding the use of conflict minerals by sourcing materials only from environmentally and socially responsible suppliers Complying with Dodd-Frank regulations regarding conflict minerals and providing CommScope with legally required compliance documentation Conducting a reasonable country-of-origin inquiry (RCOI) to determine the source of tungsten, tantalum, tin and gold (commonly referred to as the 3TGs) We use the Conflict Minerals Due Diligence Reporting Template upheld by the Electronic Industry Citizen Coalition as a standard questionnaire for conducting an RCOI. Supplier Diversity As we continue to expand and grow into new markets, we’re working diligently to support diversity within our supplier relationships. Through our Supplier Diversity Program, we promote mutually beneficial relationships with small businesses and those owned by minorities, women and veterans. CommScope’s Supplier Diversity Mission Statement CommScope is committed to providing equal access to all suppliers and to promoting diversity in our supply base. Developing a diverse business community contributes to the overall growth and expansion of our markets. CommScope offers all businesses, including minority, woman, and veteran-owned businesses an opportunity to compete on an equal basis. If you have specific questions about our Diversity program, please contact us at SupplierDiversity@commscope.com. Supplier Opportunities Supplier Opportunities We follow RFP, RFQ and RFI processes to solicit bids and are continually looking for ways to strengthen the diversity, talent and responsiveness of our supplier pool for the following activities: Production Compounders, Die casting and milling, Hardware, Machining, Metal fabrication, Metal stamping, Metals, OEM connectors, Packaging, PCBs and PCBAs, Plastic components, Polymers Nonproduction Building maintenance, Consulting, Freight carrier logistics, Industrial supplies, Insurance, Janitorial services, Legal assistance, Marketing materials, Office supplies, Safety supplies, Software Needs change over time along with our evolving business, so view our supplier diversity brochure and register with us if you are a certified diverse supplier. Your profile will remain in our database and our sourcing team will contact you should appropriate opportunities arise. Supplier Qualifications Before you consider joining our supplier team, please review our selection criteria. CommScope’s partners must demonstrate the following qualities: Exceptional ethical standards A commitment to our quality standards, delivery schedules and continuous improvement Competitive pricing Electronic communications capabilities Environmental stewardship Financial stability ISO certification (for production activities) Value-added capabilities We use the Small Business Administration’s criteria for designating small, minority, woman-owned or disadvantaged businesses.", "Link": "https://www.commscope.com/corporate-responsibility-and-sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "COMPASS GROUP CZECH REPUBLIC", "Number of employees": 4990, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Understanding where we can make the biggest impact and taking account of what matters most to our stakeholders, alongside industry trends, is important to us. Last year, we formulated our sustainability strategy. In 2019, we reviewed and confirmed this using our materiality analysis. We centre our strategy on three key pillars: Health and Wellbeing – helping people to make better choices, be supported in their mental health and follow healthier lifestyles Environmental Game Changers – reducing food waste and single-use plastics, and promoting plant-forward meals Better for the World – sourcing responsibly, enriching local communities and collaborating for big change Materiality analysis It is important to ensure we are focusing on the issues that matter most to us and our stakeholders. In 2019, we undertook a more detailed materiality assessment, which built on the previous process in 2017. We engaged third party experts to support our assessment, gathering internal and external data including: a review of key client and supplier sustainability strategies study of relevant NGO and academic reports analysis of various relevant responsible business benchmarks engaging with several hundred Compass Group colleagues including senior leadership reviewing existing policies, programmes and practices at Compass As a result of this process, we identified our most important issues, as shown in the materiality matrix adjacent. The top seven priority issues identified are: the safety of the food we serve and of our people the communities in which we operate, charities we work with and partnerships we form food waste single-use plastics the treatment and wellbeing of our people talent attraction and development nutrition and healthy lifestyle Issues like food waste, safety and talent attraction were universally recognised as being of the highest importance. Other topics, like singleuse plastics and promoting fruit and vegetable consumption, were more important in some markets than others. This is a static snapshot and we anticipate that in the coming years some issues will grow in importance. For example, we believe that mental health and plant-based food what we call plant-forward meals are growing in significance in our major North American and European markets. On the following pages you will find information on the most important sustainability priorities identified in our materiality assessment. In addition to our existing sustainability commitments, including cage free eggs, and sustainable seafood and palm oil, we will be setting further targets and communicating these in due course. 2019 was the first year of collecting sustainability data in a newly launched system from countries which constitute 96% of the Group’s revenue. This data gives us greater visibility on our sustainability performance and we anticipate setting targets in more areas in due course. By pursuing a passion for wellbeing and nutrition, we help our consumers and employees adopt a more balanced lifestyle. VIEW CASE STUDIES As a global food service company, we recognise that we have an enormous impact on what our 20+ million consumers choose to eat and drink. We make a positive contribution to their diet and nutrition and we are proud of the role we play in promoting the benefits of good nutrition and a healthy lifestyle, particularly, as in some of the markets where we operate, the food we provide may be the only nutritious meal eaten by our consumers that day. We help our clients to deliver improved employee performance and satisfaction, encouraging client retention in our business. We drive our health and wellbeing strategy through: Better Nutrition Choices According to the Global Nutrition Report 2018, obesity among adults across the globe is at record levels, and is increasing fastest among adolescents. We are in a privileged position to help consumers to make better nutritional choices, reducing their consumption of salt, fat and sugar, increasing their fruit and vegetable intake and eating smaller portions, all without compromising on quality or taste. Mental Health We believe that protecting the mental health of employees should be a priority for all responsible businesses. Our goal is to provide supportive and understanding work environments for our people and our local communities, helping them to identify and address stress and depression. Healthy Lifestyle We are dedicated to helping our consumers and employees adopt a balanced diet and make achievable lifestyle changes.", "Link": "https://www.compass-group.com/en/sustainability/our-strategy.html"}
{"Company Name": "Consulta HR sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Consultech Recruitment Services Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Continental Automotive Czech Republic Ltd. - Brandys nad Labem", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable management and social responsibility are among our fundamental values. They form the basis of our work, they guide our corporate strategy and they will take us into the future. For us, acting sustainably and responsibly means: Respecting the law, conserving resources and promoting climate protection, while also fulfilling our responsibilities to our employees and wider society. As a signatory of the Global Compact of the United Nations, we support human rights, labor standards, environmental protection and the fight against corruption. Continental is convinced that sustainable and responsible business increases our ability to innovate and meet the requirements of the future – adding value to the company. It allows us to identify risks and opportunities early and opens up the change processes we need. For these reasons, sustainability is an integral component of our corporate strategy and corporate development. By combining financial and non-financial performance indicators in a holistic approach, we make a positive contribution to our employees, to the environment, and to society as a whole. Organization and Management Our corporate guidelines, Code of Conduct, CSR Principles and Corporate Governance Principles are the foundation of our sustainability management. In line with the law and the Articles of Incorporation, the company's executive bodies are the Executive Board, the Supervisory Board, and the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. As a German stock corporation, Continental AG has a dual management system characterized by a strict personnel division between the Executive Board as the management body and the Supervisory Board as the monitoring body. At Continental, sustainability is a strategic task for corporate development and therefore a task for the Executive Board. Dr. Ariane Reinhart is the head of Human Relations and Sustainability. She is therefore also responsible for the Sustainability department, which was newly created in the reporting year and coordinates the sustainability strategy, its development and an interdepartmental Sustainability Committe. All relevant business units and central functions are represented on the Sustainability Committee alongside Dr. Reinhart and another Executive Board member. The Environment department is under the direct control of the chairman of the Executive Board. Questions of sustainability are also the subject of regular reports from the Executive Board to the Supervisory Board concerning ongoing business development, and at the strategy meeting, which takes place once a year. The Audit Committee of the Supervisory Board is closely linked to Compliance and Risk Management. The most important documents at corporation level are: Corporate guidelines: Our BASICS describe our vision, our mission, our four values and how we want to work together. Code of Conduct: The Continental Code of Conduct describes ethical standards and requirements concerning employee behavior. Principles of our Corporate Social Responsibility (PDF, 334.3 KB) : They provide an overview of our CSR principles. Corporate Governance Principles: Based on applicable legal provisions, the German Corporate Governance Code, and the corporate guidelines, these principles describe in detail the corporation's managerial and supervisory tasks and processes.", "Link": "https://www.continental.com/en/sustainability/general-information/general-information-63312"}
{"Company Name": "COOL CREDIT sro", "Number of employees": 6, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CoolPeople as", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Cosmonde, Inc.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "COVERDEAL HOLDINGS LIMITED, odšt. race", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Organisations to conceive and realize change, transformation, true clarity of purpose and organisational aims, and the strategies and culture required to get there. … Teams to develop the fundamental skills of leadership and human co-operation, such as; aiming and planning; dealing with ambiguity and uncertainty; integrating people, gaining commitment and reaching wise agreements; building on individual strengths and the ideas of others; working collaboratively in a virtual world across cultural and geographical boundaries; giving and receiving feedback; reviewing to continually improve team performance. … Individuals to raise self-awareness and understanding; to build confidence and the aspiration to improve; to build resilience in ones self and in others; to intentionally apply learning with a focus on continual skill development; to reflect on one’s contribution to the team, building on strengths and personal performance.", "Link": "https://www.coverdale.com/"}
{"Company Name": "CPL Jobs sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "At Cpl, Giving Back is integral to what we do. Through our many active CSR initiatives, we aim to better people’s lives and the communities in which we operate in. CSR initiatives and activities are of real importance to our people, our clients, our values and our culture. To reinforce our people’s connection with giving back we enable our staff to choose the charities we support and how we support them in 4 main ways: 1. Volunteering of Staff Time We encourage all our people to use 2 paid volunteering days each year. These days can be used individually or as part of a team effort to benefit a cause or community of their choice. Charities our teams have proudly supported in 2019 include: Special Olympics The Alzheimer’s Society of Ireland MPS Dublin Simon Community Bloodwise Charity Mind The National Autistic Society Cancer Research UK 2. Community Involvement & Skill Sharing Our people are experts in their fields and are keen to share practical, useful advice with others outside of our group. We have strong relationships with minority and educational groups across Ireland including Trinity Centre for People with Intellectual Disability, EPIC, Junior Achievement, Junior Entrepreneur Programme and an award-winning partnership with Jobnet. Trinity Centre for People with Intellectual Disability Cpl has a strong partnership with the Trinity Centre for People with Intellectual Disabilities. Our consultants, directors and manages offer mentoring, CV and interview preparation, mock interviews and an introduction to the world of work. “We are incredibly grateful to have Cpl on board with us as a business partner and it is already making a huge difference to both our students and our graduates”. Marie Devitt from TCID EPIC – Employment for People from Immigrant Communities The EPIC employment programme works with immigrants and refugees to help them integrate into Irish society. Cpl have been supporting their valuable work since 2008 through conducting mock interviews and providing constructive feedback to interviewees. The participants come to our offices and avail of our interview rooms thus encouraging a “real life” interview experience. In the last 12 months, Cpl has supported a total of 165 interviews. Jobnet Jobnet runs 5 programmes a year to support individuals who are struggling to enter or re-enter the workforce. Cpl support this award-winning initiative by providing mock interviews, career advice and actionable guidance around networking, Junior Achievement & Junior Entrepreneur Programme A selection of our employees works with non-profit Junior Achievement to educate and mentor children in disadvantaged schools, inspiring them to continue to Leaving Cert and beyond. Cpl are also strong supporters of JEP, which opens the idea of practical learning to children, parents and our education system. It’s an example of how accepting change and can be a positive force of disruption and prepare our children for the future of work. 3. Using Digital for Good As Irelands largest recruitment agency we have an extensive global network of candidates and clients online. To raise awareness on a national and international level we use our social media platforms to promote charities and share our CSR ethos through the hashtag #CplGivingBack Charities and causes we have promoted successfully through digital campaigns include: MPS Blue Day Cliona’s Foundation Paint it Pink for Breast Cancer Awareness Temple Street Darkness into Light 4. Philanthropy In 2017/Cpl have collaborated with charities to host several internal fundraising events including Cpl’s Annual Easter Bake-off in association with The Alzheimer’s Society of Ireland, Football vs Homophobia in association with The Rainbow Project, a Sleep out for The Welcome Organisation in Northern Ireland and the Christmas Gift Tree for Saint Vincent De Paul. Cpl also makes direct donations to charities that are of importance to our people and our local communities, these charities include Cpl Crumlin Medical Research Foundation, Irish Down Syndrome, Irish Heart Foundation, Charity Mind, St Michaels Hospice in the UK and many more.", "Link": "https://cpl.com/about-us/cpl-csr-2/"}
{"Company Name": "Crocodille CR, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CrossCafe original sro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Crown Worldwide Movers, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "A life-long commitment Our pledge to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative, means we operate in ways that at a minimum meet responsibilities in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption. We set operational standards not just for Crown, but for suppliers and sometimes clients. The UNGC provides a clear framework for us to transparently report and enables us to continually benchmark our efforts. We are fully dedicated to achieving a better world. Crown’s Corporate Social Responsibility report for 2018 Our CSR activities range from initiatives to encourage inclusion and diversity, such as the Crown Coronets, releasing our first gender pay gap report in the U.K. and helping a huge range of charitable causes. We’re proud of all the CSR activities our employees are involved in and look forward to building on this progress throughout 2019. Our people, their goals Our responsibility is also to our people. Engaging, developing and investing in our employees is key to their, and our company’s, success. This means dedicating time to their growth, health and well-being. We provide the tools for our teams to learn, share and collaborate with others from different cultures around the world, who at the same time share the same values.", "Link": "https://www.crownworldwide.com/en-us/page/crown-csr-policy"}
{"Company Name": "CryptoGT", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Crystal BOHEMIA, as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CS-BETON sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CSGM as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We protect the environment and behave with social responsibility We are aware of the possible environmental impacts of our business, so we protect the environment and minimize our environmental footprint. We prioritize eco-friendly technologies, we are not involved in projects which threaten the environment, and when selecting our suppliers we assess the ecological impact of their products and services. The positive impact of this Code of Ethics is not restricted to the companies of the CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP. It is also intended to support anti-corruption principles and honest business practices in a wider context – in both the public and private sectors, within the Czech Republic and on foreign markets.", "Link": "https://czechoslovakgroup.cz/media/cache/file/31/CSG_eticky-kodex_EN_single-page_web.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "CTP Invest spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We build communities We promote socially responsible behavior throughout the countries in which it operates, where we support a wide range of community-based organizations mainly focused on children and adolescents . CTP Collaborates with Local Communities on Environmental Protection Program CTP plans its social responsibility activities in 2019 with a series of events designed to support local communities close to their properties.Just prior to Easter, CTP, together with the children from the General School of Bolintin-Deal, planted willows in the CTPark Bucharest West industrial park. Pupils from Bolintin-Deal were invited by CTP to participate in planting 120 willows intended to become a habitat for birds. The project was undertaken to help the children learn from specialists about the area’s fauna, how nests are built, about water and food dispensers for birds and water dispensers for ants and lizard habitats. “The CTPark Bucharest West industrial park is near the A1 motorway, an area with a lot of traffic, but also close to communities. We want to minimize the negative impact on nature and maximize the benefits to the community both from inside the park and the immediate vicinity of the park, giving people a healthy living environment. Our plan is to plant as many trees, shrubs and vegetation as possible in the area, which can combat the pollution caused by traffic and create an environment optimal for the development of flora and fauna,” said Ana Dumitrache, Country Head, CTP Romania. “Under the slogan ‘Coming Together is Power’, CTP is initiating events intended to bring together communities, educate on sustainability and how we can incorporate environmental activities into our corporate environment and our lives,” says Ana Dumitrache. We take the environmental impact of our activities seriously. That’s why we build industry-leading sustainable buildings with state-of-the-art materials and technologies to ensure their sustainability over time. As the owner and operator of our industrial and office portfolios, we are hands-on about making sure that we deliver highly efficient buildings with the smallest possible environment footprint. Our goal is to be an industry leader in the transition to a carbon-neutral economy, which is why we have undertaken to make our business net carbon neutral by 2023. We have redoubled our existing sustainability efforts and last year introduced a number of initiatives that will impact the full scope of our operations. The aim is not only carbon-neutrality but to positively impact the communities where we operate. BREEAM certification To further enhance the sustainability of our operations and help us achieve net carbon neutrality by 2023, CTP is now the first European industrial developer to undertake BREEAM certification for its entire portfolio of industrial properties. BREEAM is the world’s first standardised method for assessing the sustainability of buildings. In 2012 CTP became the first company outside the UK to be awarded the highest level of BREEAM certification for our portfolio of office buildings. All CTP office holdings are built to the highest BREEAM specifications. At present, nearly 20% of our total portfolio is BREEAM certified. To further enhance the sustainability of our operations and help us achieve net carbon neutrality by 2023, CTP is now the first European industrial developer to undertake BREEAM certification for its entire portfolio of industrial properties. This involves not only BREEAM certification for new buildings but also for the standing portfolio, which requires significant on-going investments into new technologies, systems and materials. This will be the largest BREEAM certification process ever undertaken—certifying nearly 300 buildings across six countries. By 2021 we plan to have all of our buildings BREEAM certified. Carbon neutral company in 2023 All buildings BREEAM certified in 2020 Smart buildings Smart buildings measure energy consumption in real-time and make it possible to identify ways to make building operations even more energy efficient, which helps to save both money and the environment. As part of our commitment to sustainability we are upgrading our standing portfolio with data-gathering technology to better analyse building performance. Smart buildings make it possible to monitor energy consumption of a building in real-time. This enables us to identify ways to make building operations even more efficient, which helps to save both money and the environment. “We follow the entire lifecycle of our company and work to minimise our impact on the environment” ISO certification Our commitment to sustainable development includes ISO certification for environmental and energy management systems for our entire portfolio. Currently all of our buildings in the Czech Republic and Romania have received ISO 14001 (Environmental management) and 50001 (Energy management) certification. This further underscores our commitment to both the environment and our tenants. We continue to implement high sustainability standards in our processes throughout the Group portfolio and plan in the near term to finalise ISO certification in all countries where we operate the CTPark Network. Circular parks The circular economy is a “closed-loop” system that minimises waste and resource consumption. We’re rolling out the concept of “circular parks” to maximise sustainability, starting with our A-class office portfolio. CTP is working to make its industrial and office parks more sustainable. We chose Spielberk Office Centre in Brno as a pilot project to discover what we could do to get to zero waste and greater efficiency in line with the principles of the circular economy. The Czech-based Institute of Circular Economics gave us a set of concrete recommendations that will make the functioning of the entire office park more eco-friendly. This includes things installing hot-air dryers in all bathrooms, which prevents nearly 80,000 tons of paper waste each year. Other initiatives include investing in better recycling containers and creating systems to enable our clients to easily recycle their office waste, including paper, printer toner, and bio waste. Best practices from the Spielberk pilot project will be transferred to our other office projects in Brno and Ostrava, in addition to our industrial portfolio wherever possible. Solar plan As part of our comprehensive sustainability initiative, starting in 2020 all of our new buildings will be constructed “solar ready.” We’ve also formed a partnership with a company that sources and resells 100% renewable energy to enable our clients to purchase 100% renewable, always-on energy at costs rivalling or below standard utility charges. Currently our solar target is to develop 20MW of electricity capacity in the Czech Republic during 2020. Over the years, CTP has installed many solar plants on the rooftops of our buildings. Currently, we have eight functioning solar farms in the Czech Republic. As part of our comprehensive sustainability initiative, starting in 2020 all of CTP’s new buildings will be constructed “solar ready”—meaning either that the roofs will be built to allow the creation of a solar farm on each building by incorporating the necessary hook-up technology, or they will be built with solar panels already installed. In January 2020, CTP began a partnership with Nano Energies—a company that sources and resells 100% renewable energy—to enable our clients to purchase 100% renewable, always-on energy, at costs rivalling or below standard utility charges. This will be a major advantage for our clients and is only possible due to the scale and scope of the CTPark Network. Currently our target is to develop 20MW of electricity capacity in the Czech Republic during 2020. Our solar initiative allows CTP to offer renewable energy to our tenants in those parks that have it, lowering their operational costs while at the same time providing them with a viable source of renewable energy for their own sustainability goals. CTForest A key pillar of our net carbon neutral strategy is the purchase and maintenance of natural forests in the countries where we operate. To this end, CTP has committed to investing in forest preserves across CEE on a 1:1 ratio to our built portfolio. A key pillar of our net carbon neutral strategy is the purchase and maintenance of natural forests in the countries where we operate. To this end, CTP has committed to investing in forest preserves across CEE on a 1:1 ratio to our built portfolio. As a first step, in October 2019 CTP purchased its first forest preserve outside Mladá Boleslav in the Czech Republic. The entire 100-hectare forest will be preserved in its natural state and will be managed by expert staff to encourage biodiversity, which will also protect against the bark beetle infestation that is ravaging the Czech Republic’s coniferous forests. CTP will plant a variety of trees to both offset our carbon footprint and also to provide genetic diversity to help battle the bark beetle infestation, which is a direct result of low-biodiversity resulting from mono-culture planting and over-forestation. CTP continues to seek other, old-growth forests across CEE to preserve, as they are the best type of carbon sink: wild, bio-diverse, old-growth forests are up to 40 times more effective at capturing carbon than a new-growth, managed tree farm.", "Link": "https://www.ctp.eu/company/we-build-communities/"}
{"Company Name": "CYIENT sro", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "he Cyient CSR philosophy is based on the idea of empowering societies we exist and work in. With a mission to achieve long-term, holistic development of the community around us by supporting programs that bring a sustainable change through education, environment, and healthcare systems, Cyient has been taking small, but certain steps toward creating lasting change. All our sustainability and CSR initiatives are spearheaded through the Cyient Foundation. Since its inception in 2002, the Cyient Foundation has conceptualized and enabled numerous social initiatives to facilitate access to quality education, skill development, and business-aligned social innovation, as well as invested significantly in environmental development projects. The Virtuous Circle Our relationships with our clients grow the more we do for them. We call this the virtuous circle. And it is precisely the same approach we have toward our social responsibilities. We believe that the concept of the virtuous circle extends to our focus on cleanliness, education, and digital awareness. We believe that the more we give back to society, the more it prospers, and the more it helps us grow. Focus Areas DIGITAL LITERACY Consistent with the new digital world, our CSR initiatives are also aligned toward digital. We operate nearly 70 Cyient Digital Centers (CDCs) that provide more than 24,300 children and adults with access to IT education. The digital classrooms and libraries provide students with high-quality digital educational resources and content. QUALITY EDUCATION We have made definite forays in the areas of education by adopting many primary schools. Our continuous efforts have helped improve the overall pass rates and significantly improve girl student enrollment at Cyient-adopted schools. A number of these schools have received government awards and accolades from the parent community and local administration. SOCIAL INNOVATION Cyient has developed and deployed solutions to systematically address challenges in the support of social and environmental progress. “Engineering the Eye” is one such initiative that meets at the intersection of business and social innovation. Our partnership with LV Prasad Eye Institute in Hyderabad has led to the development of low-cost devices for refractive error screening and early age blindness prevention in low resource schools and remote areas.COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT Our CSR initiative goes beyond education to include community development. Under the “Smart Village-Smart Ward Program,” Cyient has adopted a village and is ensuring provision of drinking water, sanitation, roads, and water storage facilities to over 3,000 households. Additionally, as part of the Swachh Bharat Initiative, Cyient Foundation has introduced the Swachh Telangana-Swachh Pathashala campaign to provide water, sanitation, and hygiene facilities in 54 government schools, impacting more than 20,000 students.Cyient Associate Volunteer Program Our associate volunteer program stems from the idea that we all need to give back to society, solve real problems, and enrich communities and our lives in the process. The Cyient Foundation encourages Cyient associates to engage in the areas of focus. The Foundation is committed to involving volunteers in forming groups to take up independent initiatives; in contributing to on-going activities; in providing perspectives and applying different skills to enrich programs and enhance the impact. We make this possible by offering opportunities for associate participation, and conducting a social audit, and sharing feedback.", "Link": "https://www.cyient.com/about-us/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "CYRRUS, as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CZ Name of Inventor LOKO, as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Czech Airlines Technics", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Czech Airlines is the Czech Republic’s flag carrier. It ranks among the five oldest airlines in the world. The company specialises in regular passenger air transport and provides connections from Prague and/or via Prague to important destinations in Europe, Asia and North America, using both its own aircraft and working with its partner airlines. Czech Airlines also operates special charter flights, leases spare aircraft capacity to other air carriers and offers cargo and the air transport of shipments and mail. Czech Airlines is a founder member of the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and has been a member of the SkyTeam Alliance since 2001. Since 2005, Czech Airlines has been regularly IOSA (IATA Operational Safety Audit) certified. In 2008, the company received the ISO 14001 Environmental Management System certification. We always evaluate potential environmental impact when making strategic decisions and apply preventive measures and principles to prevent environmental pollution. We regularly enhance the Environmental Management System in place and the Company’s Environmental Profile. We constantly strive to reduce the direct and indirect impact of our activities on the environment. We use our aircraft and other machinery capacity effectively and evaluate our operations with regard to their environmental impact. When expanding and upgrading our fleet, we factor in the noise factor and fuel consumption of aircraft. We strive to reduce the emission of greenhouse gasses from our activities. We always employ suitable technologies and apply procedures to prevent or continuously reduce environmental pollution during aircraft and machinery maintenance and during ground operations. We regularly evaluate our performance of environmental protection goals and obligations and inform the general public and other stakeholders about the results of our environmental protection activities. We work with our suppliers, state administration offices and other partners to reduce the environmental impact of our activities. We comply with all current legal directives on environmental protection and follow other requirements related to our activities.", "Link": "https://www.csa.cz/media/1423/environmental-policy-en.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "Czech Invest Solutions, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ceske drahy, as", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Social responsibility has a long-established tradition in ČD. Despite the adoption of austerity measures, the Company, being a national carrier, continues in this trend not only in the economic and environmental sectors, but in the social area as well. České dráhy is actively involved in partnerships, education and awareness, cooperates with non-profit organizations and foundations, and supports the community in the field of culture and sports. Most of the projects the Company supports on the basis of long-term and proven cooperation. Great care is also devoted to the support of projects and events in individual regions of the Czech Republic. Towards the traveling part of public České dráhy aims to continuously improve passenger transport quality and by this way to build positive perception of the Company. Barrier-free Travelling ČD is practically the only carrier in the Czech Republic that enables a comprehensive network-wide traveling for passengers with disabilities, also in relation to neighbouring European countries. ČD also run a unique ordering and reservation system that allows handicapped people to order transportation and assistance at stations, on boarding, leaving or taking off the train. In 2018 total of 7,546 registered clients with disabilities used the reservation system. It is about 1,300 more than in 2017. However, the actual number of passengers with disabilities, especially wheelchair users, is estimated to be doubled. Thanks to the large number of barrier-free and easily accessible trains, many people on the wheelchair no longer require help in their journey.In the end of 2018 ČD took over 9 barrier-free electric RegioPanter 650 units, which extended barrier-free connections in the Plzeň region;In the new timetable in December 2018 the number of barrier-free Bbdgmee passenger cars was increased on the fast-train line R20 Prague - Děčín. Important is also a cooperation between České dráhy and the National Disability Council, in terms of which, in 2018, the Company again supported the „Euroklíč“ project, which aims to ensure fast and dignified access to public social and technical compensation facilities for persons with reduced mobility throughout the Czech Republic. Barrier-free passenger cars and trains are dedicated also to others with limited mobility, such as elderly people, passengers with temporarily reduced mobility, as well as pregnant women and passengers travelling with kids in strollers. In 2018, there was an introduction of 382 connections with the section for passengers with children and children‘s cinema has been implemented in all 680 Pendolino units. At the end of 2018 children’s cinema was available for passengers on the following routes: Prague - Plzeň - Cheb, Prague - Ústí nad Labem - Karlovy Vary - Cheb, Prague - Děčín, Prague - Pardubice - Olomouc - Ostrava - Košice a Prague - Pardubice - Brno - Břeclav - Vienna - Graz. In addition, České dráhy allows the transport of dogs and small domestic animals. Guide and assistance dogs can be transported free of charge.", "Link": "http://www.ceskedrahy.cz/assets/pro-investory/financni-zpravy/vyrocni-zpravy/annual-report-of-the-ceske-drahy-group-2018.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "ČEZ", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Responsible entrepreneurship is a theme that resonates more and more in Europe and in Czech society. It is becoming important for shareholders, financial investors, business partners and the general public. With this, the importance of the report , which is coming into your hands for the third time, is an overview of what we have achieved in this area in 2018. CEZ is following a sustainable development strategy called “Energy for the Future”, which we introduced for the first time two years ago. This strategy reflects the long-standing principles of CEZ in its activities - in particular the requirement of responsible business, the effort to use the best and most modern technologies, the need to be a good neighbor and to contribute to the prosperity of its surroundings. In this sense, \"Energy for the future\" is based on five key priorities: ensuring sustainable operation, being a good partner, delivering useful solutions to customers, enabling energy transformation and starting the engine of innovation. In the first priority we focus on improving the functioning of our existing operations, reducing energy intensity, increasing their efficiency and environmental maturity. In this respect, we are intensively preparing for both the emission limits under the Industrial Emissions Directive and stricter limits under the BAT - Best Available Technique (BREF) conclusions that we are already meeting in advance in a number of parameters. In the coming years we expect the shutdown of non-ecologic blocks of our coal portfolio, in some local heating plants we switch from coal to gas and gradually build a portfolio of renewable sources, for example, currently operating the largest European mainland wind farm ever. Just to remind you that since 1990 dust emissions from our power plants have fallen by more than 98%, In the distribution we intensively switch to smart networks. We managed to reduce the amount of network losses in the Czech Republic and other countries where we are distributors. In production, distribution, sales and support activities, we strive for environmental steps in line with current trends and societal needs. These include, for example, reducing the use of plastics, reducing water consumption or planting trees. I would also like to underline that the basis of our business is strict adherence to a safety culture that precedes all other aspects. As part of the transfer of our knowledge and experience, we also work with sixty high schools and universities. In 2018, we held 354 discussions at schools as part of the CEZ Group's “World of Energy” educational program. In the priorities “To be a good partner” and “Bring useful solutions to customers” I would like to highlight the activities of the ČEZ Foundation, which is the largest corporate donor in the Czech Republic and which is governed by the slogan “Helping where we operate”. I am particularly pleased with the activities in which our employees or the public are directly involved. As part of the World Giving Day, we have become our biggest contributor with our “Fulfilling Wishes” collection. It is a collection in which employees propose specific people in need of assistance and other employees contribute financially to meet their wishes. I also welcome that the number of people who use our sport-charity application “EPP - Help with Motion” exceeded 400,000. This application has long held the gold spot among users of sports applications in the Czech Republic. I consider the KISMO project, which informs ČEZ Distribuce representatives of calamities or increased failure rate, or the parallel initiative bezstavy.cz launched in 2019 aimed at informing customers during calamities. We also focus on equal opportunities. We are continually expanding the number of women employed in CEZ - last year we were in the first wave of Czech companies that underwent a gender audit. The priorities “Enable Energy Transformation” and “Start the Innovation Engine” are characterized by research and development, with operating costs of CEZ Group companies amounting to CZK 420 million. They concern investments in emission-free energy, energy services of ČEZ Prodej and ČEZ ESCO, electromobility and clean-tech fund Inven Capital. Together with the Technology Agency of the Czech Republic and other institutions, we have launched a number of new projects. The number of charging stations for electric vehicles is constantly increasing, we are building an average of one station per week. Our EPC (Energy Performance Contracting) energy savings projects saved customers CZK 215 million in 2018. I am glad that we are dedicated to introducing new modern technologies into energy production, distribution and sales and at the same time we are able to provide these technologies to our customers in the growing ESCO energy service segment.", "Link": "https://www.cez.cz/cs/o-cez/energie-pro-budoucnost/zpravy-o-udrzitelnem-rozvoji"}
{"Company Name": "DCG DELTA Consulting Group Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "As a volunteer, we have been working for a long time with the Talent and Skills Foundation , which helps young people from children's homes to enter real life. As a partner of Kennedy Executive, we are involved in Kennedy Cares Global Activity , which focuses on social projects related to HR and recruitment every year . Equal opportunities are one of the principles we strictly adhere to. That is why we became a member of Business & Professional Women Czech Republic , a public benefit organization that brings together women in 95 countries. It advocates, inter alia, equal opportunities for women in the labor market. It organizes the Equal Pay Day conference every year . Personal responsibility We respect not only corporate but also personal responsibility. All team members not only engage in company activities but also privately support charitable organizations such as People in Need , Chronicle of the Memory of the Nation , Amnesty International or Kangaroo .", "Link": "https://www.dcgdeltaconsulting.com/socialni-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "DACHSER Czech Republic", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "For DACHSER, sustainability is a must DACHSER is committed to sustainable corporate policies which this family-owned enterprise pursues with great commitment and consciousness of its responsibilities. As a central pillar of DACHSER’s corporate philosophy and value system, these policies provide orientation, identification and stability both within and without. The sustainable management of the company is anchored in DACHSER’s business strategy in many ways. Apart from its ecological aspect, it also has economic and social dimensions. DACHSER pursues its goal promoting sustainability in the areas of: Economics: With business models focused on growth and success, DACHSER ensures the future of both the company and the employees. Sustainability in corporate leadership means managing the strategic and operational business of the company in such a way as to guarantee its existence and further development over the long-term – for DACHSER as a family-owned enterprise, that goes without saying. Ecology: Apart from the efficient organization of all process chains, as well as the intelligent IT control of routing in order to combine product streams and avoid unnecessary transports, DACHSER has initiated numerous projects designed to protect the environment. Furthermore, it promotes scientific research into sustainability with a focus on areas relevant to logistics. Society: DACHSER takes its social responsibility seriously not only for its own employees, but is also active across national boundaries as a global company. DACHSER cooperates with the children’s aid agency terre des hommes and supports transnational aid projects. As part of DACHSER Career Management, employees receive the best possible support in developing themselves further, both professionally and personally. DACHSER Intelligent Care offers employees numerous company pension options and measures to maintain good health. DACHSER carries its social responsibility across national boundaries Those who act globally have a responsibility. Logistics in particular connects people, markets and production areas across national borders. For this reason, DACHSER feels obliged to improve the living conditions of people in underdeveloped regions in which the company is active. The company’s ethical philosophy is oriented towards strengthening societies and democracies, supporting people in developing their own self-confidence and providing them with support. Projects with the children’s aid agency terre des hommes For this reason, DACHSER supports numerous projects with the children’s aid agency terre des hommes. In conjunction with this organization, founded in 1960, DACHSER has supported projects to promote people’s self-sufficiency since 2005 in India, 2014 in Namibia and 2015 in Brazil as well as Nepal. Based on the idea of “helping people to help themselves,” the grassroots projects focus on the fight against human rights violations - in particular all forms of violence against children and women - as well as on commitment to providing a healthy, clean environment, and on the education of young people - especially girls and young women - and supporting them on their way to finding gainful employment. Given that developing and emerging countries play a critical role in the fight against climate change, the partnership supports projects that center on climate protection and provision of the appropriate infrastructure. Together with terre des hommes, DACHSER can already point to numerous projects in India and other developing countries which have offered the people there professional opportunities, and thus also offering them and their families a better future. “As an international company, we believe we have a responsibility to look at globalization in a differentiated manner, maintain the identity of our roots, and assist disadvantaged people in creating something new in the sense of democratic societal forms.“ Bernhard Simon, CEO of Dachser Significant social commitment for the good of our employees The sense of community within the global DACHSER family arises primarily from the significant social responsibility which the company feels for its employees. At DACHSER they receive the best possible training as well as ongoing and further educational opportunities – for example in commercial disciplines, IT and warehouse logistics. With DACHSER Career Management, every individual employee receives support in their own further development and in shaping their own career within the company. DACHSER ensures that entry-level employees have a successful start to their professional lives. After the training period, the chances of being accepted by the company for full employment are nearly 100%. The company has implemented a number of health care and retirement measures for its employees through DACHSER Intelligent Care. They benefit not only from an exemplary company pension scheme and can make use of attractive offers for preventative health care, they can also take advantage of various offers for health-related areas of interest such as nutrition or sport. If requested, professional consultation is provided for psychological or family problems. Through the “MESSAGE!” initiative, DACHSER provides its trainees with information on preventative health care and addiction prevention. Career and private life in harmony: As a modern company, DACHSER places great value on making sure that employees maintain a balance between their professional ambitions and a satisfying private life. That is why DACHSER supports a strong work-life balance and offers employees the opportunity to focus on their talents and interests, particularly in the decisive early years of their careers, while recognizing that it is precisely during these years that family life is also in the planning stages. DACHSER supports science and research DACHSER also actively supports educational facilities and initiatives beyond the limits of the company itself. Among other things, it supports the endowed professorship for “Sustainable Logistics & Supply Chain Management” at the European Business School (EBS) in Wiesbaden – a targeted investment in sustainability research with a focus on logistics. The results of scientific research projects regularly provide insights which lend new impetus to the logistics industry. Together with the professional magazine “Verkehrsrundschau”, DACHSER has been running knowledge competitions for logistics students, both domestically and abroad, since 2008. How DACHSER lives its social responsibility Appreciation of the needs of people at a local level: The DACHSER corporate culture is one based on tolerance, appreciation and respect for other people and cultures, and one which every employee shares as part of the DACHSER DNA. Creating local structures: In conjunction with local people, DACHSER builds partnerships based on equality which both support local projects and simultaneously call for all involved to take personal responsibility. Helping towards self-help: Active, experienced cooperation with terre des hommes. Protecting the environment and conserving resources As a global logistics and transport company, DACHSER is well aware of its ecological responsibility. For this reason, active environmental protection receives special attention at every level of the company. More than anything, it is based on the efficient design of all process chains within procurement and distribution logistics. Here, a key role is played by our network freight services. Considered down to the last detail, coordinated processes are orientated toward the maximum bundling of goods flows in order to avoid unnecessary journeys. Active environmental protection is a central concern for DACHSER At DACHSER, numerous internal, resource conserving measures optimize the energy footprint at the various sites: All DACHSER buildings are equipped with lighting control systems for hallways and rooms. Since 2017, DACHSER warehouses have been lit with LEDs, which has led to a significant savings in kilowatt hours, a lowering of energy costs and a reduction in CO2 emissions. Proximity sensors regulate water use in sanitary facilities. Photo voltaic equipment which has already been installed at multiple branches also contribute to an improvement in our energy footprint. To heat office spaces, DACHSER uses geothermal energy. The truck washing facilities work with water reclamation systems and use rain water. New types of docks and airtight sectional doors in the transit terminals prevent uncontrolled heat loss. For the future as well, the company will continue to develop and implement forward-looking ideas and technologies for active environmental protection. For material handling equipment, DACHSER relies on electrically driven units and the use of replaceable batteries. High-frequency charging devices optimize power usage and increase the lifespan of the batteries. Recycling is particularly important for DACHSER - we employ exclusively reusable or recyclable transport packaging in order to reduce packing waste. As part of sustainable print production, all forms and labels have been printed on FSC certified paper since 2012. All printed material from DACHSER stems from ecologically, economically and socially responsible, sustainable forestry. Since the introduction of eLogistics, all logistics processes which are relevant for the customer can be ordered, displayed and executed paperlessly. Hazardous goods warehouses comply with all environmental norms and safety standards in order to prevent environmental damage. The handling of dangerous and water-polluting materials has priority in order to limit the risk to humans and nature to as short a time period as possible. Every shipment is handled according to the strict quality standards for loading and cargo securing, defined by DACHSER. Sustainable measures for a reduction in CO2 emissions “Think more, manage less” is our motto. Due to the intelligent IT management of routes, CO2 emissions from transport have been significantly reduced. This systematic approach makes it possible to optimize the use of our fleet and reduce traffic flows, thus tangibly reducing environmental impact. Double deck loading and the use of swap body trailers for even more compact loading also contribute to active environmental protection.", "Link": "https://www.dachser.com/en/sustainability-49"}
{"Company Name": "Daikin Device Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Creating sustainable air conditioning solutions Daikin is always committed to providing households, businesses and industry with only the most efficient and secure solutions to meet their current and future cooling and heating needs. We are aware of our responsibility to protect the environment and our policies and practices include the pursuit of environmental sustainability in every activity we engage in. We do business in accordance with ecological principles , because it makes sense both economically and ecologically. Environmental goals of Daikin Europe NV The Daikin Europe Group has developed a specific action plan with environmental policy and environmental objectives with regard to ISO14000. Daikin Europe publishes an environmental report every year where these events are captured. More information >> Our environmental policy is based on the following principles: Sustainable use of energy Daikin Europe NV is constantly looking for ways to reduce the energy consumption of its production facilities and how to use sustainable energy sources. Reducing the environmental impact of our products through refrigerants and improving energy efficiency Daikin Europe NV is committed to reducing the greenhouse gas emissions of its products through refrigerants and improving energy efficiency. Ongoing efforts at European level Daikin Europe NV is constantly adapting its environmental policy to changing global, European and local legislation. It stimulates and promotes strict compliance with all relevant legislation and makes recommendations for easier implementation. Increase recycling and reduce product waste Daikin takes into account the recycling of the product at its development stage, utilizing the principles of the Lansink ladder *. However, the recycling and waste reduction aspect is also reflected in all phases of the product (production, transportation and logistics, installation, maintenance, etc.), including responsible disposal at the end of its useful life. Management of chemicals and preparations Daikin Europe NV strives for optimum safety when handling and storing chemicals. This includes finding newer and safer products to replace existing technologies. Development of products with reduced environmental impact Daikin is committed to complying with all environmental regulations. In addition, its green policy further ensures that products are in line with the latest findings on reducing environmental impact.Be an example of environmental responsibility Daikin wants to set an example by training and providing information on the environmental impact of its activities. It largely supports and communicates with external organizations, its neighbors and communities, and is also represented in working groups in relevant industries.", "Link": "https://www.daikin.cz/cs_cz/o-spolecnosti/odpovednost-vuci-zivotnimu-prostredi.html"}
{"Company Name": "DAKO-CZ", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "INNOVATION PRE-PROGRAMMED COMPANY WITH A DISTINCTIVE IMAGE Since 2005, we have been absolutely passionate about developing intelligent software platforms for transport and delivery companies. However, at its very core, DAKO GmbH is characterised by eye-level interactions with clients, partners, managers and employees; in simple terms, it’s all about an appreciation of human-to-human contacts. Our ever-growing team of 130 employees tries its level best to design products in a user-friendly, open and future-oriented manner. Customer requirements play a critical role at all levels of the development process. Modern workplaces help us develop and promote ideas. In such an environment, innovation is an important part of the corporate culture, and it stimulates us to attain an ambitious objective: A software platform whose intelligent transport management system even enables it to support the autonomous controlling of vehicles. RESEARCH & INNOVATION Our vision of a sustainable approach towards the handling of resources is reflected in our research into futuristic technologies. For many years now, we have been engaged in the development of new mobility concepts, as well as other innovative domains of the transport sector. SUSTAINABLE LOGISTICS CONCEPTS For several years, we have been pursuing the major goal of using IT support to shape the electromobility associated with delivery traffic in a manner that ensures that it is economically usable. In addition to facilitating cost optimisation through the use of renewable energies, future-proof concepts can also ease environmental problems such as air and noise pollution. We therefore work closely together with partners from the scientific and industrial sectors within the framework of various research projects. ACTIVE NETWORKING New technologies and concepts require instigators that actively promote their general dissemination. We therefore advocate for a strong network in the domain of emission-free economic transactions. In case of the SMART CITY LOGISTIK conference series, we have collaborated with project partners to set up an interdisciplinary electromobility forum whose influence extends far beyond the borders of Thuringia, and which promotes nationwide (i.e. throughout Germany) networking in order to attain sustainable transport operations. As a partner in the eMobilityCity network, we use our expertise in telematics solutions to help users implement sustainable transport concepts. AGILE SHAPING OF THE FUTURE By initiating research projects and actively committing ourselves to network offers, we ensure that we always remain a step ahead of sectoral trends. Our solutions that are meant to be used in the present therefore keep an eye on tomorrow’s technologies as well. Our agile working concept thus forms a fertile breeding ground for the growth of forward-looking technologies, which have a direct influence on our product development operations. RESPONSIBILITY We as a company are part of the society and bear responsibility. INTERFACE PROJECT​ The current rapid economic growth in many African countries and the increasing emergence of a middle class give hope for an improvement in the standard of living for large sections of the population. In recent years in Cameroon, there has been particularly strong growth in demand for complex products or services in the area of information and communication technology. When we consider development in India or, more recently, in Kenya, we can see that this sector could also develop as a driver of economic growth in Cameroon “from the inside”. Interface is a work experience program for students and graduates of ICT courses, which is carried out at the École Nationale Supérieure Polytechnique in the Cameroonian capital, Yaounde. In collaboration with the Yaounde-based company Megasoft SARL, participants have the chance to gain experience of performing specific tasks from their sector’s professional practice under authentic commercial conditions and with qualified supervision. They thus increase their chances of finding employment in this still new sector in Cameroon, which depends greatly on qualified personnel. Six students of between 22 and 26 years of age from the École Nationale Supérieure Polytechnique take part in this project. Women must always make up at least 25 % of the project group. In this way, DAKO supports the qualifications of young Africans and creates a bridge between the emerging African continent and a Thuringian firm. DAKO SPONSORS SCHOOL BUS​ At the end of 2014, the leadership of the primary school “Schule an der Trießnitz” in Jena announced that funding for their free school bus was no longer available. This prompted the parent representatives to launch a fund-raising campaign, which DAKO supported with a donation of 800 euros. In the past, the primary school used to provide a school bus. It could be used by all, and especially by disabled children. The bus was used for transport to and from school, for day trips and class trips with all the luggage, as well as holiday outings and excursions, but also for transport to sports events such as swimming and football. This took a lot of work off the hands of parents and teachers. The school bus is not funded by the school, the booster club or the council, but was an initiative of the school leadership and funded by donations. With the donation from DAKO and other sponsors, future use of the bus is assured. Instead of making generous Christmas gifts to customers and suppliers, DAKO prefers to be active in social projects in the region. DAKO BUILDS BRIDGES​ We support the association “Parents’ Initiative for Children with Cancer Jena” (Elterninitiative für krebskranke Kinder Jena e.V.). This association is a support center for families with a child who is suffering from cancer and who is or was being treated in the children’s clinic of Jena University Hospital. With a donation of eight tablets, we made it easier for children in hospital to keep in touch with their friends and family. The tablets have an Internet flat rate, which allows the children to contact classmates, family and friends through Skype and social media. There is a tablet for the child in hospital and one for the classmates, so that the child can take part in class by video chat and keep in touch with friends. This measure strengthens social skills and lets each side take part in the life of the other. It considerably improves the child’s quality of life and supports recovery. In this way, we help make sure the children do not lose contact with their social environment. DAKO says: “Thank you for allowing us to support you.”", "Link": "https://www.dako.de/en/company-profile/"}
{"Company Name": "damejidlo.cz sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Danielson sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Danielson is a fresh production company that focuses on fulfilling the vision of being a leader in the complete solution of promotional textiles in the EU. We are fully aware of the value of working with our business partners, and we believe that through our operations they can better do business and meet the needs of their customers. We are a stable and growing group that currently has nearly 100 employees who are ready to fulfill our mission on a daily basis and bring the following values ​​to our business partners: Values ​​to hard links Mutual trust, mutual respect and ethical business are the basis for us to build long-term and solid partnerships, from which we draw positive energy for our performance and inspiration. Responsibility to reliability A thorough knowledge of our clients' needs means a commitment to uncompromising quality and versatile professionalism. We feel responsible for our clients, the community and the environment in which we live and work. Strong foundations for natural growth For us, growth is above all the daily work on the success of our clients. For them, we prepare innovative and innovative solutions backed by our professional technology background and the stability of a strong, experienced partner. Everyone who shares similar values ​​in our industry has a door open and we are happy to meet them on a business and personal level. We are members of the \"Doing Business Without Corruption\" association and believe that a minority can positively influence the majority to go in the right direction.", "Link": "http://www.danielson.cz/o-spolecnosti"}
{"Company Name": "Danone as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Creating and sharing sustainable value At Danone, we believe that each time we eat and drink, we can vote for the world we want. This has inspired the definition of our long-term goals which flow directly from our ‘One Planet. One Health’ vision. As we strengthen our business model and nourish our dual economic and social project, we have every confidence we will deliver our business and financial agenda, as well as create and share sustainable value for all. Through our commitment to social and economic progress, and our passion for bringing health through food to as many people as possible, we aim to generate profitable, sustainable growth now and for many years to come. At Danone, more than 100,000 people are united by a single mission: bringing health through food to as many people as possible. Across the world, our employees, whatever their role, are passionate and committed to leading the change to encourage more sustainable and healthier eating and drinking practices. Food-related challenges are increasingly complex. To meet them, Danone is working with a wide range of partners, designing and deploying sustainable solutions with researchers, consumers, NGOs, health professionals, famers, suppliers, retailers and government agencies. Strengthening and managing these diverse alliances has become a strategic necessity as well as a measure of our effectiveness and credibility. When we build a more sustainable future together with our partners and entrepreneurs who share our vision, we put our belief in social progress and economic growth into action, creating value in local communities and centering the environment at the core of our business.", "Link": "https://www.danone.com/about-danone/sustainable-value-creation.html"}
{"Company Name": "DATASYS sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Family-owned and operated, DATASYS is a private company founded in 1994 by Miloslav Novák. Our focus is on harnessing our skills and expertise to help businesses improve their operations and make life easier through the implementation and integration of custom, comprehensive IT solutions. Throughout the past 20 years, we’ve had the opportunity to be a part of many different projects, from providing talented IT personnel to simplifying operational processes through custom software solutions to implementing cutting-edge platforms and infrastructure. We believe that many companies can benefit from making their processes more efficient and simple and aim to bring that optimization to them. We’re a values-driven company and first and foremost that means we honor and protect the confidential information of our clients. We understand partnerships can not be forged without gratitude and mutual respect. We believe that it’s crucial to think beyond ourselves, contributing to society and bearing responsibility for our actions. We work hard so you can rest easier knowing your IT is in good hands. We always start with the question, ‘Why?’ By doing so, we address not only the short-term results, but also the long-term ramifications of our work. To that end, we set out to continually stay on top of new advancements within IT and when working with clients we familiarize ourselves with their business and respective industry. We many times have to buck the status quo, finding new or unconventional ways to solve a client’s problem. The key to it all is our team and the cultivation of an environment that rewards responsibility, drives motivation, and acknowledges success. COMMUNITY SUPPORT We strive to have a positive impact on our community. Since our founding, we have supported a variety of organizations and projects in the field of social services, education, health, environment, culture, and sport.", "Link": "https://datasys.cz/en/o-nas"}
{"Company Name": "DaV-recruitment agency", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DECATHLON", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "OUR ENVIRONMENTAL ACTIONS ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES  Eco-performance labelling for Decathlon products  Workshops where users can repair products  Selling second-hand products through the Trocathlon system FOR OUR USERS  Multi-criteria analysis of Decathlon product life cycles  Using renewable, recycled or recyclable raw materials  Eco-designing Decathlon products and packaging DESIGN  Continuously assessing and improving the environmental impact of our production sites PRODUCTION  Optimising energy performance of existing stores  Eco-construction of new stores  Sorting and recycling waste  Promoting soft mobility BUSINESS  Reducing transport distances for Decathlon products  Maximising container load factors  Using low-impact transport methods  Optimising the eco-performance of logistics platforms Our social actions and challenges Uncompromising personal safety standards  Recruiting people who are vital, practical and enthusiastic about sport  Personal fulfilment at work by sharing sporting activities with others  Developing skills and uncovering talent  Empowering teammates and leveraging subsidiarity for decisions  Sharing the value created and promoting employee shareholding  Fair remuneration for teammates in line with responsibilities Our sense of vitality and responsibility are key drivers of our sustainable development approach. In addition to active monitoring, we anticipate societal challenges and issues in order to innovate and direct our efforts. Our priority is to create sustainable value(s) for our teammates, users, partners, fellow citizens and shareholders. At the COP 23 meeting in 2017, the World Meteorological Organization stated that “in a clear sign of continuing long-term climate change caused by increasing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases (GHG), 2015, 2016 and 2017 have been confirmed as the three warmest years on record”1 . Emissions levels are stabilising, but concentrations of CO2 and methane in the atmosphere are still on the rise. This directly contributes to climate phenomena that are affecting all our ecosystems. Decathlon has considered GHG emissions to be one of our priority challenges since 2013. In 2017 we focused on local efforts to target our strategy management as close as possible to impacts. We implemented quarterly reporting to better track this indicator and developed training programmes on measurement tools for our teammates in charge of this area. This effort enabled them to develop their own strategies and action plans to meet the overall reduction goal. Since Decathlon was founded, empowering each teammate has been central to our human resources approach, illustrated by managerial guidelines like \"Daring\" and the right to make mistakes. Our 2026 business vision reaffirms these values through \"Do what I love\", a concept that reflects our company's desire to employ fulfilled teammates. This commitment is supported by the role-based managerial structure that was expanded in 2017, ensuring that each individual has a personalised frame of reference that clarifies their responsibilities and their ability to take their own decisions. This transformation is supported by a digital platform organised into three areas: Projects, Talents and Job Offers, ensuring that information circulates freely and transparently throughout the company PUTTING PEOPLE AT THE HEART OF OUR GROWTH Workplace well-being fosters an innovation-friendly dynamic that makes companies more productive. Decathlon has implemented an assertive policy in this area that directly links human capital, teammate growth and value creation. Our Quality of Life at Work (QVT) Specialists play a pivotal role in making this a reality, as they are the ones who will communicate local priorities to the leaders in charge of each area in an effort to identify the most effective action for each situation. We have taken steps to promote diversity and improve the organisation of work schedules so that each individual can live up to their full potential.", "Link": "http://sustainability.decathlon.com/media-reports/csr_reports/"}
{"Company Name": "Deckard & Penfield sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DEICHMANN-OBUV sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "TODAY, SUSTAINABILITY IS ON EVERYONE’S LIPS. MANY USE THIS TERM, BUT OFTEN WITH QUITE DIFFERENT INTERPRETATIONS. READ HERE WHAT IT MEANS TO US: We have been operating since 1913 and have always been under family ownership. To us, sustainability means thinking and planning generations ahead. Many of our employees have been with us for decades. Throughout the company’s history, we have experienced constant, sustainable growth. Additionally, every year we have created new jobs and provided training beyond mere requirements. We offer our employees above-average wages and attractive fringe benefits. We have financed our own growth – without credit or stock issues. This has kept us independent. Nonetheless, we are the top shoe retailer in Europe. We began in 1913 in Essen, in Germany’s Ruhr district. Although we’re now active in 26 countries, we feel attached to this region and continually expand our company headquarters here. When investing in administrative buildings and shops, we use modern, environmentally friendly technology, such as solar energy, heat pumps and energy-saving lighting designs. This is why the distribution centre in Bottrop – which, with a surface of 40,000 m2, is the company’s largest – received the 2003/2004 Nordrhein-Westfalen government’s Ökoprofit certificate. In a second expansion stage in 2007, many enlargements were made on ecological principles. For most of our transport routes, we use ships and trains. In 2010, we added special eco styles to our offerings of certain brands, such as Elefanten and Medicus. It goes without saying that we comply with numerous legal environmental restrictions – it’s our duty, after all. For pollution testing, we have set our own strict standards that surpass legal requirements. To us, sustainability also means doing everything to make sure we can offer our customers great shoes at great prices in the future. For decades, part of our profits have been used to finance aid projects that are close to our hearts – in Germany, India, Africa and Moldova. HELP FOR THOSE IN NEED From the experience and success of the company, as well as from Christian conviction, the Deichmann family maintains a special commitment to those in need and has made it a fixture of its corporate mission. The company’s success should make help possible for those in need. Among numerous social projects that the Deichmann company has initiated and implemented in past years, three examples merit mention here: the Word and Deed aid organisation with projects in India, Tanzania and Moldova, and the company’s spontaneous help in crisis situations, and its entry into further projects.", "Link": "https://corpsite.deichmann.com/gb-en/our-business/sustainability-since-1913/ https://corpsite.deichmann.com/gb-en/our-values/social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Deloitte", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable development Responding to the challenges of the modern world Sustainability is a comprehensive approach to the management of organisations which is focused on creating and maximising long-term economic, social and environmental value. It is a response to the challenges of the modern world facing organisations from the public and private sectors.", "Link": "https://www2.deloitte.com/cz/en/pages/audit/topics/udrzitelny-rozvoj.html"}
{"Company Name": "DELTA REAL ESTATE sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Demos trade, as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DENCOP LIGHTING spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DENSO MANUFACTURING CZECH sro", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Following the example of other DENSO world races, the Czech DMCZ is not indifferent to the region where it operates. It participates in CSR projects that have a positive impact on the environment, cultural and social events in the region and thus indirectly strengthen the economic level of the Liberec Region. The fact that “Protecting the environment and being a responsible member of society” is one of the fundamental visions of the company is proof of the company's good relationship with the environment . DMCZ has been actively involved in the global CSR - Corporate Social Responsibility project since 2008. Denso strives to be a trustworthy company and, based on this, issues a statement outlining the points in our philosophy we want to fulfill and adhere to. The priority is the satisfaction of not only our customers but also employees, suppliers, shareholders and the international and local community. MATERIAL SUPPORT OF DMCZ REGION Technical Museum - (discarded IT equipment) ZOO Liberec - (printer) SPŠSE a VOŠ Liberec - (discarded IT equipment) ZŠ Frýdlant - (portable chemical laboratory) Tulip - (shredded paper) Tree planting Collection of old mobile phones as part of a project to protect gorillas Collection of plastic caps removed from products to help a sick girl Collection of plastic caps from used plastics Donation proceeds from the party raffle to the Sluníčko Children's Center Donating portions of Family Day food to Mother in Need Christmas decoration of gingerbreads in the senior's home in Vratislavice Spring Olympics in seniors' home in Vratislavice", "Link": "https://www.denso.cz/spolecenska-odpovednost/"}
{"Company Name": "Dermacol, Inc.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Derpal Logistic sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Deutsche Börse Group", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our responsibility We make a virtue of obligation Companies are responsible – not just for their business but also for their social environment. Deutsche Börse Group takes this responsibility very seriously and puts it into practice in its company-wide sustainability management. We see this commitment as an ongoing obligation to our employees, customers and investors, society and the environment to ensure that our company remains competitive in the long term, taking all our relevant stakeholder groups into account. In 2019, Deutsche Börse increased its commitment to the sustainability initiative Green and Sustainable Finance Cluster Germany to create sustainable infrastructures in the financial sector. It also expanded its sustainability management within the Group Sustainability Board. The Board consists of 12 members, three from each area of Executive Board responsibility, the Head of Group Sustainability as well as a member of the Executive Board. The Board’s tasks are to further develop the Group-wide sustainability strategy along the entire value chain and to advise the Executive Board on sustainability issues. In addition, Deutsche Börse Group has further expanded its internal sustainability management as well as its sustainable product and service portfolio.", "Link": "https://www.deutsche-boerse.com/dbg-en/sustainability/our-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "DEZA, as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Responsible Care This year DEZA, a. s. for the seventh time defended its right to use the logo of Responsible Care – “Responsible Enterprise in Chemistry”. The \"Responsible Care\" program is a globally accepted and developed voluntary initiative of the chemical industry aimed at supporting its sustainable development through responsive increase of the safety of operated facilities and products, including their transport, as well as improvement in the protection of human health, working conditions and the environment. At present there are in total 53 countries participating in the initiative having a common objective, which is constant improvement in the protection of human health and the environment in connection with the production, distribution and use of chemicals. The program represents a long-term strategy coordinated by the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA) and the European Chemical Industry Council (Cefic) in agreement with the European Association of Chemical Distributors (FECC). The Czech version of the Responsible Care initiative is a program called “Responsible Enterprise in Chemistry”, announced officially in October 1994 by the Ministry of Industry and Trade. The institution charged with overall coordination of this program is the Association of Chemical Industry of the CR (SCHP ČR). Benefits: a) responsive approach to the neighbourhood, b) health protection, safety, c) integrated protection of the environment, d) alleviation of consequences arising from environmental defects, e) accident preparedness, f) information openness. Deza and the environment deza a zivotni prostrediDEZA, a. s. addresses any influence of chemical production on the environment. Substantial funds are directed into the area of production ecologization. Since 1993 Deza has invested more than CZK 3.0 billion into ecology. The objective of this investment is to minimize all emissions of harmful elements originated during the storage of raw materials and products during production. Emissions of harmful elements are reduced so that all technological equipment is gradually sealed (pressurized). The originated gases (usually the source of any smell) are regularly collected in local incineration plants where they are fully combusted. In accordance with the policy for the maximum protection of the environment (external link) (new window) and the health of employees, Deza is responsible for the well being of the greenery in the site, as well as in the surroundings. The fulfilment of the principles of the environmental policy within the activities and competences is the responsibility of all departments in the company with the objective that the development of the enterprise permanently and irreversibly decreases all negative impacts of the company on the working and living environment. During 2011 entire hermetisation of production process and storage tanks for the production of naphthalene was completed, including all equipment for handling liquid naphthalene. The benefit of this investment is in addition to further reducing the occasional odor, especially a significant reduction in emissions of naphthalene. Given that this is a time consuming and costly tasks (external link) (new window), the fulfillment of our environmental program is spread over a longer time period. (external link) (new window) In the last 10 years more than CZK 1.0 billion has been spent on the ecological investment, which posed 27% of all investments. DEZA, a. s., as a producer of chemical substances fulfils its obligations resulting from REACH legislation. Detailed information concerning the whole legislation, time stages for implementation and new obligations of producers of chemicals can be found on the following pages: http://echa.europa.eu/. By 30 November 2010 DEZA, a. s. registered 44 chemical substances at the European Chemical Agency (ECHA) in Helsinki. Physical-chemical and eco-toxicological information on individual substances were submitted as part of the registration documentation. The process of the fulfilment of REACH registration did not terminate for DEZA, a. s. In the next period there will be a second wave of registration and permission will be requested for some substances.", "Link": "http://www.deza.cz/en/responsible-care"}
{"Company Name": "DHL", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "WE'RE LIVING SUSTAINABILITY Here at Deutsche Post DHL Group, we can deliver anything for any Customer, to and from anywhere on this planet. Every day, our employees bring the world together, united by one common purpose: “Connecting people, improving lives.” We don’t just do this somehow, but in a sustainable way. Clearly, sustainability is much more than environmental protection or volunteering. It is about creating long-term value for business and society. At Deutsche Post DHL Group, we take this commitment very seriously. That is why sustainability is now part of our mission, which we want to fulfill by becoming Employer, Provider, and Investment of Choice – in a sustainable way.", "Link": "https://www.dhl.com/global-en/home/about-us/corporate-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "Diebold Nixdorf sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Diebold Nixdorf Global Responsibility Wherever we operate around the world, our employees are committed to doing the right thing. We recognize that as a global company, we have an obligation to act sustainably, with transparency, and to do business in a responsible way. Our sustainability program is comprised of three pillars, each of which forms a vital component of our global operational structure and culture. Sustainable Supply Chain & Operations We continually assess our operations, processes and global supply chain to determine the environmental impact and implement improvements, from greenhouse gas (GHG) emission controls to product lifecycle assessments (LCAs). Environment, Health & Safety EHS responsibility is a team effort, delivered collectively through the management activities of our workforce around the globe. We focus particularly on energy efficiency, employee health and safety, and an increased awareness on responsible resource consumption. Global Citizenship We take social responsibility in the local communities in which we operate very seriously. Each year, our employees in more than 130 countries give back to their communities and support countless nonprofit organizations. Management Commitment Our Integrated Management System covers the activities that safeguard our market success and reasonable operating income and focuses on all our business processes, our methods of work and our corporate culture. We’re focused on enhancing energy conservation and protecting natural resources; preventing pollution through minimizing the release of any pollutant that may cause environmental damage; disposing of waste through safe and responsible methods; reusing and diverting waste from landfills when possible; minimizing environmental risks by employing safe technologies and operating procedures; and by being prepared for emergencies. Making an Impact We’ve established our sustainability and corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives through the creation of global, multi-level teams to ensure successful outcomes. Sustainability officers are assigned with specific responsibilites for workplace health and safety, the environment, and social issues. Their task is to proactively manage sustainability issues at a local level.", "Link": "https://www.dieboldnixdorf.com/en-us/about-us/corporate-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Digiteq Automotive Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate responsibility at Digiteq Automotive We make the world a better place: not only through our products and services. We pay special attention to our compliance with all the legal and ethical rules which refer to competition, the financial and tax sectors, environmental protection and the relations with our employees, including the provision of equal opportunities. As far as the social sphere is concerned, we focus on our employees’ further development and we take care of them. We provide premium support for their education and personal development. Our employees manage to find a good work-life balance thanks to our flexible working hours, the option of doing some work at home and our shorter 37.5 hour working week. We support the “Linka bezpečí” help-line and the Zdravotní klaun (Medical Clown) project. In 2018, we provided these organisations with a total of 240 thousand CZK. The “Linka bezpečí” help-line provides high-quality and easily accessible assistance to children and students and anybody acting on their behalf. It helps to resolve demanding life situations and everyday problems. It provides crisis intervention and counselling by telephone, chat and e-mail. All of this is anonymous and free. The “Zdravotní klaun” project cheers up children in hospitals, geriatric patients and other people in need. It helps to improve their psychological status and overall health, not only by means of the activities of specially trained medical clowns, but also with other related projects.", "Link": "https://www.digiteqautomotive.com/en/about-us"}
{"Company Name": "Direct Insurance Company, Inc.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DIVA Center sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Dixons Carphone CoE Ltd.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Dlubal Software Ltd.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DMHERMES TRADE s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Doctor Talent", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DONALDSON", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Responsibility We are committed to doing the right thing; creating a safe and welcoming workplace for employees; and supporting environmental stewardship and sustainable operations. Environmental, Health & Safety We establish various environmental, health and safety targets and objectives in our global Environmental, Health & Safety (EHS) Policy, and publicly report our progress in our annual Corporate Sustainability Report. We focus on protecting employees while continuously reducing environmental impacts through pollution prevention, energy conservation and waste minimization. Examples of our global environmental sustainability efforts include: Annually calculating Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions for both direct and indirect emissions for U.S. manufacturing and distribution operations. Installing solar panels on locations like Brugge, Belgium to eliminate the use of natural gas. The Brugge facility now uses residual hot water for heating and hot water production and their entire system is zero-emission. Implementing a rainwater harvest and treatment system in facilities like our Epping, Cape Town, South Africa plant to reduce water use. Our Cape Town plant also installed waterless hand sanitizers and metered dispensers, and actively harvests air conditioner condensation. Corporate Governance At Donaldson, we strive to do the right thing, every day. Guiding us in our actions, our Board of Directors has established Corporate Governance Guidelines to reflect the integrity, ethics and sound business practices integral to our long-term business success. For more about our corporate governance and Board of Directors, visit our Investor Relations site below. Quality Management Quality is what our customers expect from Donaldson — and it is what we have delivered for over 100 years. Donaldson’s quality commitment means customer satisfaction, continuous improvement and problem prevention in all activities. We deliver on this commitment by properly training our people, eliminating waste and variation, measuring progress, and maintaining world-class standards. Certifications To help companies meet occupational health and safety standards, several internationally accepted processes ensure uniform and reliable standards are available around the globe. At Donaldson, 35 of our sites manage their environmental aspects through third-party certified ISO 14001 processes, while 14 of our sites manage their health and safety hazards through OHSAS 18001 certified processes. To deliver on our quality commitment, we also proudly hold over 50 TS, IATF, ISO, AS and Halal certifications.", "Link": "https://www.donaldson.com/en-be/about-us/who-we-are/corporate-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Doosan Škoda Power s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Doosan Škoda Power carries out its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities with a focus on STEM education, sustainability and community. Through our CSR strategy, we’ll be admired for the work that we do; our respect for people, communities and the environment; and for being united in our shared goals and values across every Doosan business area. Knowledge, abilities, skills, invention and loyalty of employees are our most valuable assets. Human Resources Targets are stabilizing a high-quality and qualified team of experts, development of employees and their strengths and systematic education of employees.Quality Management System (QMS) Processes to ensure the precision delivery of top quality, good value products and services are the driving force behind our Quality Management System (QMS). Our core objectives in relation to quality are: Complaint free project delivery without any complaints Maintaining a good reputation as a supplier Zero failure of our products and services Zero failure of our processes Environmental Management System (EMS) Whatever the location or project, we are committed to continuous improvement in all areas of Environmental Protection. This demonstrates to customers and the wider public alike our positive approach to achieving sound environmental results. Our environmental protection objectives are: To comply with all legislative requirements To ensure and work in accordance with best practice in relation to the protection of the environment To improve the efficiency of our steam engine products – to save natural resources and achieve lower emissions To be a good, environmentally concious, neighbour to our employees, customers and partners Health and Safety (H&S) always comes first Our primary concern is for the health and safety of every employee or person involved with Doosan Škoda Power. Our core H&S objectives are: Protection of all employees, and reducing risks at work To create and use best possible practices in relation to health and safety at work To ensure our employees and customers remain committed to constantly improving H&S at work", "Link": "http://www.doosanskodapower.com/en/csr/"}
{"Company Name": "DPD", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We care for nature and society we live in. Our efforts can be divided into three main areas: nature, our employees and society. We are careful when it comes to throwing things away We are a proud member of the Responsible Companies program. We also want to contribute in helping our Earth heal and restore. We start by sorting and recycling waste and in our depots we do our best to minimize the waste itself. Modern technology can actually relieve nature We are gradually transitioning to electronic invoicing and communication, so we don't have to print everything and get trees chopped down just because of a bad habit. We have actually found out the electronic invoicing is even more transparent and allows us to have everything searchable in one place. When it comes to printing we use recycled paper. We plant trees and give back to the ecosystem Together with Office Depot we are working on a project called Trees for Life. It's mostly about planting trees in order to give back what humanity takes by consuming paper. The certification ISO 14001 confirms that our love for nature isn't just an empty word. We minimize our CO2 emissions In our Czech fleet you can find eight vehicles running on compressed natural gas, and we also have one electric car. To us, however, it is not enough. We try to reduce our CO2 emissions as much as possible. We also invest in the environmental renewal projects since it's not secret that newly planted trees transform carbon dioxide into breathable oxygen. How come our transportation leaves no bad affect on the nature? It's not magic. We are well aware of the CO2 emitted by our vehicle fleet. We decided to minimize the CO2 pollution not simply by a green sticker on each van but by investing heavily to planetary renewal projects. We want to give back exactly as much as we take from the nature. How we do it? The basis is a long-term measurement of carbon dioxide emissions and their quantification. First we reduce emissions in proportion to one transported parcel. We do this through the introduction of efficient and innovative technologies throughout the DPDgroup network. Then we calculate the waste we cannot eliminate and take it back to the nature on a global scale by planting trees. All planetary renewal projects are funded from our own pockets at no extra charge to our customers. We take the burden of our company from the natures back We want every transported parcel to make as little damage to our Earth as possible. Here are a few examples of how we do it: Sorting, compacting, composting (Czech Republic) Use of electric vehicles for parcel delivery (Czech Republic) The Lyte Solution system helps us with the energy efficiency (Czech Republic) Eco depot in Veenendaal (Netherlands) Electric cars in Stuttgart and Hamburg (Germany) Light switches with motion detector in our buildings (Belgium) The campaign \"Economical driving couriers\" aimed at reducing fuel consumption (United Kingdom) What we do for our employees? We are involved in the project Family Friendly Company and have already got an award for: individual approach to employees, emphasis on synchronizing family and work life of employees a sophisticated system of support programs for families. We enable personal growth to everyone In 2010-2012, we became involved in a project aimed at training our employees. The European Social Fund of the European Union and the state budget of the Czech Republic have supported our internal training project already three times. In 2013, we were given the Family and Work Audit certificate, which confirmed that our efforts bear fruit. We got the certificate for finding a balance between work responsibilities and personal needs of our employees. We know what our employees want and need thanks to a systematic satisfaction survey. Throughout the year, we organize business meetings and informal events. We are open to ideas from our employees and we try to exercise as much of them as we can. Where and how do we help? We support Světluška (NGO) We support Světluška (in eng.: \"lightning bug\") since its birth in 2003. Světluška is a long term project of the Czech Radio Station Foundation based on solidarity and good will of those who want to help blind people and people with vision disorder. We take care of the transportation of fund-raising goods. This means that our couriers transport items for volunteers to various schools throughout the Czech Republic. Since 2013, we also support a night run event “Noční běh pro Světlušku”, a fund-raising in September called “V září Světlušky září” (in eng.: \"Lightning bugs shine in September) and the Cafe in the Dark event. We provide a free of charge transport of all materials for these events. Along with Arkádie we help disabled people The people in Arkádie are doing a respectable job. They support a dignified and fulfilling lives of children and adults with disabilities. Arkádie works with these people (from the Ústí nad Labem region) in their natural habitat and in cooperation with their families. We began to promote their work in 2012 in the form of free-of-charge transport of products from/to Arkádie's workshops. These products are for instance small car parts. We try to help in any way we can: we send to Arkádie the raffle proceeds from our corporate events our employees buy products from Arkádie's workshops during our Christmas Fair when possible we contribute with one-off donations Can you abstain something in order to help others? Every year since 2011 before Christmas we organize a charity fundraiser for Světluška and Arkádie. We use for it our web app through which anyone can give up on the little things they don't need (coffee, pie, a piece of clothes) and send the money worth to our fundraiser instead. We support running and local projects In 2013 we were the logistics partner of all run races of the running league RunCzech. In the fall of 2014, we supported footrace CEZ City Trail Run. We also supported a charity fundraiser Červenobílé dny (Red-and-White Days) organized by the society for deaf and blind (LORM).", "Link": "https://www.dpd.com/cz_en/business_customers/get_to_know_us/responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Dr.Max", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Because we know that not only medicines cure Czech pharmacy holding, which is publicly represented by Dr. Max is aware of his obligation to act beyond the limits defined by his / her own business activities and to contribute to the growth of the quality of life in the Czech Republic where problems cannot be solved by the founder (state or self-governing units). As a socially responsible company, it wants to participate in solving the problems of individuals and groups of the Czech population. Our priorities We mainly help projects involving seniors and children and youth We contribute to the improvement of the quality of life by one-off and long-term support. Our assistance is mostly in the form of financial donations, non-financial support and student grants. We operate at regional and national level.", "Link": "https://clanky.drmax.cz/pomahame"}
{"Company Name": "Dräger Manufacturing Czech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DRILL Business Services", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY We actively subscribe to the concept of social responsibility and ethical conduct with the goal of contributing to the development of society and the increase in quality of life of individuals and communities. We recognize our responsibility not merely for resources entrusted to us, but also for the society in which we do business, and of which we are a part. We consider social responsibility a long-term commitment and an investment in the future. ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY The management of this organization has committed itself, in keeping with the requirements of the ČSN EN ISO 14001 standard, to the minimization of the impact of its activities on the environment. This commitment is defined in the following points. I. ADHERENCE TO LEGISLATIVE STATUTES The fulfillment of legislative statutes in the area of environmental protection is an implied constituent of all activities of the organization at all levels of management. The adherence of activities to legal and other requirements in the area of environmental protection is under constant supervision by an effective monitoring system. II. PRECAUTIONS AND IMPROVEMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY The organization analyses and manages its activities in such a way as to most effectively limit any negative impact on the environment with special focus on the following: reduction in the consumption of resources (water, electricity, and other energy) reduction of waste production use of ecologically efficient materials, technologies, and devices", "Link": "http://www.drillbs.eu/?menu=235_356"}
{"Company Name": "Drylock Technologies s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Supporting our customers in making informed purchase decisions Drylock Technologies is passionate about supporting its customers and consumers in making informed purchase decisions. When Drylock created its’ flagship greenfield production site at Hradek in the Czech Republic in 2012 the focus from the outset for the company was excellence in the arena of sustainability. Great emphasis was placed on resource efficient production using modern equipment supported by a cutting-edge laboratory. It was also important to implement leading industrial practice to ensure traceability, transparency and to strive to go beyond compliance. Ultimately Drylock has become a fast growing global company focused on innovation that wants to help the consumer get more for less as we bring new technologies to market and challenge established thinking. Underpinning our commitment to sustainable practice is then a simple philosophy of setting the standard at our site in Hradek, and driving both newly built and acquired production sites towards this established standard — whilst of course adopting best practice and innovative thought from wherever we might find it in the global markets which the company now serves from its nine production sites. Modern equipment Drylock operates a latest generation machine platform at its flagship Hradek production site in the Czech Republic, and strives to modernise and update constantly across its nine production sites with capital investment in excess of €200 million since the company’s inception in 2011. This ensures outstanding results in the areas of efficient use of energy, managing dust within the plant environment and employee safety whilst also enabling focus on great product design where less really can become more. Health and safety Drylock emphasises and focuses on employee safety, especially within the company’s nine production sites. All accidents and incidents are recorded and published, with a goal of zero for all sites. Family company Drylock is a 100% privately owned company working towards a longer term picture. This means Drylock can readily be inclusive, responsive and responsible towards its employees and focused on the development of the organisation and the individual needs of our employees. All that we ask in return is that our employees are passionate about the business, our customers and our current and future consumers. Production waste Drylock is committed at all nine production sites to maximising the recycling of production waste, and holds a strong preference for the incineration of waste where recycling is not possible given the conclusions to Product Life Cycle Analysis. Sustainable production On creation the Drylock flagship production site at Hradek was LEED®-certified. This helps to set the standard for how Drylock thinks about current and future production sites. Drylock also has a commitment to continuously expand its usage of sustainable electricity across all nine productions sites. In Italy, Drylock’s Buccinasco Feminine Care production site is leading the way on this initiative with 100% usage of solar panel energy.Managing growth sustainably As a matter of fact, Drylock gives consideration when developing products to Life Cycle Analysis, and all aspects of Consumer Safety. Drylock also positively participates with the Personal Care industry via EDANA membership in working towards the bigger picture of sustainability.", "Link": "https://drylocktechnologies.com/sustainable-innovation/"}
{"Company Name": "DŘEVO TRUST, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Company policy DŘEVO TRUST, as is committed to making every effort to avoid the following when purchasing wood raw material entering production: (a) the purchase of illegally harvested timber; (b) timber harvested in violation of traditional and civil rights; (c) timber harvested in a forest where high conservation values ​​are jeopardized by economic activities; (d) timber harvested in forests that are converted into plantations or non - forest purposes; and (e) wood from forests where genetically modified trees are planted. Download the company policy here . Download FSC® C113942 certificate here . What is FSC? The certification system, established in 1993 on the initiative of representatives of international environmental organizations, wholesalers and timber retailers, foresters, the woodworking industry, indigenous associations, trade unions and certification organizations from around the world. The basic idea behind FSC is to promote environmentally responsible, socially beneficial and economically viable forest management around the world, helping to protect the disappearing, endangered and devastated world forests. What is FSC certification? FSC certification is a trusted system of 1st Forest Certification and 2nd Consumer Chain Certification worldwide. Thanks to its transparency, openness to all interest groups and strict social and environmental standards, FSC has the support of the largest environmental organizations such as WWF, Friends of the Earth or Greenpeace, as well as the major retail chains Hornbach, IKEA, etc. Forest certification The process of controlling a specific forest to determine whether it is managed in accordance with the FSC standard. If this is the case, the forest owner has the right to use a logo for the wood from his forest which distinguishes his wood from wood of unclear origin on the market. FSC-certified forests are growing rapidly. In June 2009, over 114 million hectares of forest were certified in 82 countries. About half of the area is in Europe. Certification of the processing (consumer) chain It can be guaranteed that the end product comes from FSC-certified forests. In practice, this means that every processor in the processing chain from forest to customer must obtain an FSC certificate. This gives the customer the confidence to buy a product from carefully managed forests. On the market we find FSC certified toys, furniture, windows, doors, stairs, railway sleepers, garden furniture, furniture for homes, offices, etc. In our case we offer certified large-area materials, namely MDF, LTD and DTD. The FSC logo is a guarantee that your purchase promotes forest management friendly to nature and local people. The logo can be found soon, also at the entrance to our store in Bohumín. If you are interested, we will be happy to present you a certificate proving our certification in accordance with FSC standard.", "Link": "https://www.drevotrust.cz/o-spolecnosti/enviromentalni-odpovednost/"}
{"Company Name": "DSV Road a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Dunross", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DURA Automotive CZ, k.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Improve safety and accident avoidance within all our facilities. Connector. Build our corporate culture internally by respecting diversity and aiming for equal opportunities in our teams, skill and personal development. Promote our corporate culture externally with supplier assessments and strategically aligning with our customers. Manufacture products that will continue to improve energy and water consumption. Connector. Design products that are lightweight and with higher levels of recycled materials. Improve environmental awareness and attitudes of our employees in the work place and at home. Create innovative products to develop differentiation leverage for our customers. Connector. Optimize cost efficiency and eliminate waste. Continuously monitor our actions, communicate our commitments and align our internal management.", "Link": "https://www.duraauto.com/company/"}
{"Company Name": "DXC Technology Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The DXC Technology Corporate Responsibility program fosters our company's growth by promoting and increasing the value of DXC to our shareholders, customers, communities and employees. At DXC Technology, we recognize that sustainable business practices help build the right foundation for our success. That’s why we take the lead in harnessing digital innovation that helps our customers to better care for patients, develop energy-efficient autonomous vehicles and more. That’s why we create an inclusive, ethical workplace where diversity matters and where we demonstrate our commitment to performance with integrity every day. That’s why we stay involved in our communities over the long term to accelerate STEM learning, fight child poverty and support vulnerable people after natural disaster. And that’s why we consistently set and meet aggressive carbon-reduction goals that help us do our part to combat climate change and safeguard the environment. Reinventing responsibility for the digital era The DXC Technology Corporate Responsibility program fosters our company's growth by promoting and increasing the value of DXC to our shareholders, customers, communities and employees. DXC is committed to providing safe working conditions, and has dedicated programs to protect the health, safety and well-being of its employees, customers, partners and visitors. A number of our key sites are approved to the Occupational Health & Safety Management System OHSAS18001 specification. DXC's Corporate Environmental Health and Safety (EH&S) program ensures compliance with regional health and safety regulations as well as best practices to minimize the occurrence of accidents and provide a safe working environment for DXC employees and third-parties. Site safety managers and regional EH&S representatives have also been appointed to establish and report on local site and regional health and safety requirements. Additionally, it is the responsibility of all employees to be aware of DXC's health and safety requirements and to report unsafe practices, equipment, and conditions to management for remediation.", "Link": "https://www.dxc.technology/cr"}
{"Company Name": "D.A.S. Rechtsschutz AG, pobočka pro ČR", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DA One Recruitment s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DabiS group s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DAF Trucks CZ, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "We are continuously working on further reducing the environmental impact of our activities. For instance, on our Eindhoven premises water from a nearby canal is used for cooling our production installations instead of high quality drinking water. And in our new state-of-the-art engine testing lab, advanced electrical engine brakes are used. These generate enough electricity to provide up to 20% of the demand of our factories in Eindhoven. Water based paints are being applied for coating of relevant components such as chassis, engines and axles. Both the production facilities in The Netherlands and Belgium meet ‘zero waste to landfill’: no waste is disposed to landfill, but instead it is further processed. On the Westerlo premises, a new Cab Paint Shop is built, this new facility will result in a highly efficient process and further reduction of emission of Volatile Organic Components (VOC). Reducing our environmental impact DAF takes the environment seriously in everything it does. Reducing the environmental impact of our activities is an essential part of a continuous process of improvement. Our commitment to the environment focuses on two critical aspects of our operations: Limiting the impact of production processes We aim to limit the environmental impact of our production processes by targeting the following aspects: Emissions to air Noise Use of water Energy consumption Soil Waste Thanks to our initiatives in these areas we have scored some impressive environmental achievements. To help protect the environment, DAF takes into account the complete life cycle of a product, which consists of three stages: production, use and disposal. The impact on the environment is greatest during operation of the truck; mainly as a result of fuel consumption and the associated emissions of harmful substances. During the production and disposal phases, the impact on the environment is considerably less. This is why DAF is focusing mainly on the truck operational phase to reduce the environmental impact.", "Link": "https://www.daf.com/en/about-daf/daf-and-the-environment"}
{"Company Name": "DAFE - PLAST Jihlava, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DAGROS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DAHLHAUSEN CZ, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DACHDECKER spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DAIHO CZECH s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Quality and environment EnvironmentDAIHO CZECH places great emphasis on the continuous improvement of quality and environmental protection. For this reason, we possess ISO 9001 for quality management systems, ISO TS 16949 for automotive quality systems and ISO 14001 for environmental management systems. Quality policy DAIHO CZECH is committed in meeting the contractual requirements and customer needs for the positive fulfilment of delivery time and the optimal price. With the effective management processes, DAIHO CZECH aims to become a world class manufacturer of plastic products. Environmental policy TO CONTROL ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS OF OUR ACTIVITIES IN AGREEMENT WITH CONCEPTION OF PERNAMENTLY SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND SET UP ENVIRONMENTAL TARGETS. EnvironmentThe company provides employees with training and education in order to conduct all activities in a responsible manner without causing any potential environmental risks. The company fulfils all applicable requirements, regulations, standards and laws in the environmental field. The company saves resources and prevents pollution as well as any undesirable environmental outcomes in everyday activities of all company operations. The company demonstrates continuous improvement through inspection, monitoring, auditing and effective implementation of appropriate environmental programs and environmental management systems. Basic principles and objectives: To create, to maintain and to improve continuously the quality management system by meeting the requirements of ISO 9001 and ISO TS 16949. To recognize customers needs and to satisfy fully their requirements for delivery times. To increase productivity by optimizing production processes and to increase the competence of employees. To ensure effective communication among employees and to improve the efficiency of the quality system.", "Link": "https://www.daiho.cz/en/qms-ems-policy"}
{"Company Name": "DaK Czech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "DAMEDIS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "e-Finance,a.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "E.ON Česká republika, s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Responsible management Our company is a member of responsible business organizations. Responsible management The sustainability report and detailed information on the strategy and fulfillment of social responsibility in the Czech Republic can be found in the downloadable documents. The management of our company places great emphasis on ensuring that our relationships with customers, employees and business partners are fair and mutually beneficial. To achieve this, we follow several important principles. We adhere to the Code of Ethics One of the pillars of responsible leadership in the E.ON Energy Group is the Code of Ethics. It is a set of specific rules that govern our entire group and which are based on the values ​​and principles of our company. E.ON Group Code of Ethics We communicate openly and rely on us in crisis situations In order to accommodate our customers as much as possible, we actively inform them about what is happening in our company, provided services and products, legislative changes and other news in the field of energy. We realize that our customers are different and have different requirements. We run a customer internet portal for businesses and households. Reliable electricity supply is an essential parameter of the quality of our services. It is most screened by natural disasters. The distribution equipment cannot be adequately prepared for them, but eliminating their impacts is a clear priority for us at the moment. Our repair crews work in high-risk situations and work closely with firefighters and emergency services. Satisfied employees = satisfied customers E.ON provides its employees with excellent working conditions, adequate remuneration, extensive social benefits and high safety standards. Taking care of our employees and promoting a healthy lifestyle for our employees is an integral part of our corporate philosophy. Preventive check-ups, vaccinations, and spa stays are among the measures we take to ensure the health of our people. Every employee can draw funds from the so-called social fund every year, which can be used to cover above-standard health care or relaxation. We work closely with secondary schools and universities In recent years we have established cooperation with ten faculties of technical and economic universities. The support we provide, besides contact with scientific development, gives us the opportunity to attract quality, university-educated professionals. It also supports secondary schools. In two of them (Hluboká and Sokolnice) there is a project called Montérský dorost. This is a recurring three-year program, after which successful trainees become well-prepared employees of the company.", "Link": "https://www.eon.cz/o-nas/spolecenska-odpovednost/zodpovedne-vedeni"}
{"Company Name": "E2E Partner s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Economia, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "eD system a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Edwards Lifesciences AG, organizační složka", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Our reputation and integrity are central to Edwards Lifesciences' ability to be successful globally. Integrity is a key ingredient in building and maintaining our relationships as trusted partners, both internally and externally. At Edwards, our people are committed to integrity, honesty, openness and fairness. Edwards' Global Business Practice Standards, what we call the Titanium Book, is a practical guide to help us with business practice issues we face as a dynamic, growing corporation. It helps explain the universal principles governing our business, provides clarity about expectations and identifies resources that support these standards. We ask each of our employees to read this document carefully to be sure they understand its content and are willing to embrace its principles. We also depend on each employee to exercise intelligence, common sense and good judgment as they apply the principles in their work. Our reputation must be guarded carefully and reinforced continuously through our actions. Our employees' performance and commitment to conducting Edwards' business in a manner consistent with our Global Business Practice Standards and Our Credo are essential to Edwards' continued success. Edwards Lifesciences has long been committed to doing the right thing. Compliance and ethics are a part of who we are and what we do. Our Board of Directors and senior leadership are committed to maintaining our ethical culture and give their unwavering support to our Global Integrity Program. As Edwards’ Chief Responsibility Officer, I oversee our compliance program. We strive to embed compliance in every aspect of our business. We challenge every employee worldwide to do the right thing and to lead by example. At Edwards, we recognize that success is built on integrity, and hold ourselves to the highest ethical standards. That is good business, and it is the right thing to do. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation (“Edwards”) is committed to the highest standards of ethical conduct. To meet this commitment, Edwards has implemented this Global Integrity Program based upon recognized government standards for effective compliance programs, including guidance published by the Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the “HHS-OIG Guidance”). The purpose of this Program is to detect and prevent behaviors, such as violations of law or company policy, which could harm Edwards and the people we serve. While the implementation of such a program cannot guarantee that improper employee conduct will be entirely eliminated, it is Edwards’ expectation that employees will comply with Program requirements, including the Edwards Global Business Practice Standards (“Standards”) and the policies and procedures established in support of the Standards. In the event that Edwards becomes aware of violations of law or company policy, we will investigate the matter and, where appropriate, take disciplinary action and implement corrective measures to prevent future violations. The fundamental elements of our Global Integrity Program are described below. In accordance with the HHS-OIG guidance, we have tailored our Program to fit the unique environment, organizational structure, resources, operations and size of our company. Overview of Global Integrity Program Leadership. The Chief Responsibility Officer oversees the Program, and reports directly to the Audit Committee of the Edwards Board of Directors. The Chief Responsibility Officer is charged with developing, operating, and monitoring the Program. The Chief Responsibility Officer provides oversight to compliance staff responsible for day-to-day implementation of the Program, and has the ability to effectuate change within the organization as necessary and to exercise independent judgment. Edwards has established a Corporate Compliance Committee, composed of senior leaders, to advise the Chief Responsibility Officer and to assist in the implementation of the Program. Edwards seeks out leaders who operate legally and ethically, and we take steps to exclude from employment consideration anyone whose conduct does not meet our high standards. Written standards. Edwards’ commitment to ethics and compliance is set forth in the Standards, as well as in extensive policies and procedures intended to help Edwards comply with relevant laws and regulations, industry codes and best practices. The Edwards Standards set forth the ethical and compliance principles that guide our daily operations, reflecting the values identified in Our Credo. The Standards apply globally to all of Edwards’ businesses and subsidiaries, and to all employees, management, members of the Board of Directors, and agents of Edwards. We expect such persons to act in accordance with the law and applicable company policy. The HHS-OIG guidance has identified several potential risk areas for manufacturers, including data integrity pertaining to government reimbursement practices, and kickbacks and other illegal remuneration. These issues are addressed in the Edwards Standards and in Health Care (HC) Policies that Edwards has implemented. In the U.S., Edwards has voluntarily adopted the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals, an industry code of conduct, as well as other industry codes of conduct promulgated in markets outside the United States. A specific annual dollar limit has been imposed on promotional materials, items or activities provided by an Edwards employee to covered recipients in California. Effective lines of communication. Edwards promotes an environment where employees can raise questions and concerns without fear of retaliation, and offers several resources for employees to report violations, which are promoted on the employee intranet, posters, wallet cards and other communications. One such resource is the confidential Edwards Integrity Helpline, which can be accessed by employees globally by telephone or a web portal. The toll-free number for the Helpline in the U.S. is 877.219.3178. Training. Edwards is committed to effectively communicating our Standards, policies and procedures to affected personnel, and provides appropriate education and training to employees and agents to help them meet their ethical and compliance obligations. Edwards regularly reviews and updates its training programs, and identifies additional areas of training on an “as needed” basis. Accountability. Edwards requires that all Edwards employees adhere to the Standards as a condition of their continued employment. Edwards supports ethical behavior, evaluating it as part of annual performance reviews, promptly investigating reports of misconduct and taking prompt disciplinary action against those who violate our Standards. Assessment. Edwards performs monitoring and auditing of the Program to evaluate its effectiveness, and conducts an annual employee Certification of Business Practices Compliance. The nature of our reviews as well as the extent of our compliance monitoring and auditing varies according to a number of factors, including regulatory requirements, changes in business practices, and other considerations. Remediation. Results of investigations, audits and monitoring are communicated to the Chief Responsibility Officer and business leaders. When an area for improvement is identified, Edwards takes appropriate corrective action. Edwards recognizes that compliance is a dynamic concept, so we constantly review and update our Program to improve it and make it more effective", "Link": "https://www.edwards.com/gb/aboutus/corp-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "EDYMAX Personal Management SE", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EFIN spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EI SERVICES s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EKOSPOL a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "elem6 s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ELFETEX, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ELIT CZ, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ELKOV elektro a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "ELKOV elektro as aims to pay increased attention to ecology and the environment. We are well aware that basic processes such as waste sorting, take-back or reduced electricity consumption lead to environmental responsibility. Our environmental strategy is mainly to positively influence, inspire and motivate both customers and employees. Each of us has the opportunity to contribute to a better environment around us through a responsible approach. It is not only the obligations imposed by legislation, but also the conviction and voluntary decision to change and contribute to a quality environment. In our wide range of lighting fixtures, lamps and accessories for lighting fixtures. Of course there is free collection of used lamps and fluorescent tubes by trained staff. It is also important to inform customers who buy the assortment from us, but discard non-functional goods in garbage bins. We deal with waste separation at several levels. Customer service - taking back light sources, electrical equipment, batteries. Furthermore, employees who take care not only of safety and cleanliness in the workplace, but also responsibly differentiate individual components of waste and place them in appropriate containers. We are certified by EKO-KOM, a company that is an authorized packaging company. Separate containers for both customers and employees are available at each of our branches. However, not every waste becomes waste. If possible, we strive to use the packaging material as efficiently as possible to send the goods to customers, such as cable reels, cardboard boxes, pallets. A satisfied customer is a priority for ELKOV elektro as This is also supported by the ability to take the goods in our recyclable shopping bags, which the customer receives for free. However, we also take into account the environmental impact of the massive use of plastic bags. Quality material therefore allows you to use the bags repeatedly and take away your purchase more than once. Our company has decided to take a responsible approach to the environment and we strive for environmentally friendly operation. By reducing paper consumption costs by introducing green billing, using energy-saving lighting technologies, sorting waste ... And last but not least, we are committed to investing some of the money in planting greenery around us from the money saved by environmental operations. … And that's just the beginning.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "embedIT", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Emco spol. s r. o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The EmCo mission in CSR is to disseminate ideas of sustainable development, implement advanced global trends, and spread experience in corporate practice. Since the inception of EmCo implemented more than 150 projects in these areas Corporate social responsibility is a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model Facing the challenges of sustainable business development, many companies do not know where to start As a first step, we suggest setting priorities, identifying key challenges and drawing up an action plan. This requires formulation of a corporate CSR vision based on sector-specific global best practice and business’s particular needs. The concept formalises the company’s mission and goals in respect of CSR, determines stakeholders, describes key programmes, outlines in-house collaboration formats, streamlines the reporting procedure, and integrates CSR efforts with the overall business process. As a result, our clients obtain an effective sustainable development strategy.Audit is not directly related to the reporting process and can be done even if a company does not issue CSR reports. The purpose is to audit the sustainable development policy and its relevance to and compliance with the business`s strategic objectives and expectations of stakeholders, rather than the company`s report, if any. An audit consists of two main phases: Assessment of the company`s CSR activity and its effectiveness (peer review of ongoing programmes and document base) A survey among stakeholders on the perception of their company`s activity Based on the audit findings, a document is prepared containing a comprehensive analysis of the company`s current CSR and sustainability efforts. It highlights stakeholders` opinions, reflects the company`s strengths and weaknesses, and provides recommendations on CSR improvement and some general KPIs.", "Link": "https://emco.cz/nas-pribeh/"}
{"Company Name": "EMERGE, a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ENGIE Services as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "In 2016, the ENGIE group has set up 17 CSR targets for 2020 to materialize its commitments and support its Group’s CSR policy. These objectives are fully in line with the 17 Sustainable Development Goals set by the United Nations for 2030. ENGIE CSR objectives The Group's 17 CSR Objectives for 2020 relate to the traditional environmental, social, societal and governance domains of the Corporate Social Responsibility. They are broken down into six priority CSR objectives in light of the Group's transformation and the main stakes of its stakeholders. They are presented in the table below. CSR objectives These 6 priority objectives are the subject of an annual presentation for the Final Year Results. The 11 complementary CSR objectives in support of the Group's strategy and ambition to create shared value for its stakeholders are as follows: CSR objectives United Nations Sustainable Development Goals The 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) aim to eradicate poverty, protect the planet and ensure that all people live in peace and prosperity by 2030. The list of these objectives is as follows: No poverty : End poverty in all its forms everywhere. Zero hunger : End hunger, achieve food security and improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture. Good health and well-being : Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages. Quality education : Ensure inclusive and quality education for all and promote lifelong learning. Gender equality : Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls. Clean water and sanitation: Ensure access to water and sanitation for all. Affordable and clean energy : Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all. Decent work and economic growth : Promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth, employment and decent work for all. Industry, Innovation and infrastructures : Build resilient infrastructure, promote sustainable industrialization and foster innovation. Reduced inequalities : Reduce inequality within and among countries. Sustainable cities and communities : Make cities inclusive, safe, resilient and sustainable. Responsible consumption and production : Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns. Climate action : Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts. Life below water : Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources. Life on land : Sustainably manage forests, combat desertification, halt and reverse land degradation, halt biodiversity loss. Peace, justice and strong institutions : Promote just, peaceful and inclusive societies. Partnerships for the goals : Revitalize the global partnership for sustainable development. CSR objectives These SDGs are used to guide aids and advices which are given to states under the United Nations Development Program (UNDP). They were broken down into 169 targets whose follow-up is based on a list of 244 indicators. The contribution of ENGIE's actions to these SDGs is described below. Objectives In response to profound changes in the energy sector and the growing importance of environmental and societal factors to its stakeholders, ENGIE is taking action by announcing 6 new CSR objectives to be achieved by 2020. Enterprise project These objectives –which replace the previous ones, most of them reached in 2015 – will help the Group implement its enterprise project and support its sustainable growth strategy. CSR objectives apply to all of the Group’s activities and to the actions of its employees, who are working to make ENGIE leader of the energy transition in the world. They also represent a crucial element for all Group stakeholders, who now assess the results achieved by ENGIE not only on the basis of financial information, but also on the broader environmental and societal context. Results Objectives www.engie.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/engie-rapport-integre-2017.pdf#page=2 2016 results in line with Group objectives At the beginning of 2016, ENGIE set six CSR targets by 2020, which were presented at the Shareholder’s meeting last year. The 2016 results show that ENGIE is on the right track to reach them. The satisfaction of B2C customers reached 81% in 2016 for a target of 85% in 2020. This objective is calculated according to an identical method in the 10 countries where the Group is present in the retail and professional segment. It is an essential indicator of listening customers to adapt our offers and help them in the energy transition. Renewable capacity reached 22 GW at the end of 2016, representing a 19.5% increase in the fleet, an improvement of 1.2 percentage points compared with 2015 (18.3%) with a target of 25% by 2020. This Indicator represents a major development focus of the Group, which aims to be a leader in the energy transition by taking advantage of lower costs and technological breakthroughs that make renewable energies today competitive, in particular solar energy. The ratio of CO2 emissions to energy produced was 393 kg of CO2 per MWh, a decrease of -11.3% compared to 2012 for a reduction target of -20% to 2020. This good results, after the almost stability of 2015, is due to the halt or sale in 2016 of several coal production units and to the better availability of Belgian nuclear reactors partially stopped in 2015. It attests to the acceleration of the decarbonization strategy of the Group which had been initiated in 2015 with the cessation of any new coal project. Dialogue with stakeholders around our industrial activities was set up for 20% of our sites in 2016 with a target of 100% by 2020. 2016 is the first year of application of the calculation method Of this new indicator, which is materialized by a mapping of the expectations of our stakeholders, their analysis and their follow-up and which proceeds from international standards (AA1000, ISO26000). This innovative objective aims at strengthening the territorial anchoring of our activities. In 2016, the rate of women in the Group reached 21.9%, slightly exceeding that of 2015 (21.6%). The Group’s mix of employees is a factor of performance, efficiency and creativity and our ambition remains to reach the ambitious target for an industrial group like ours of 25% of women by 2020. Employee health and safety is an essential objective of the Group’s performance, which has worked for many years to reduce the number of accidents and has set a target rate of internal accidents (or Tf) of 3 Accidents per million hours worked by 2020. In 2016, this rate of internal accidents remained stable at 3.6. Results of main CSR objectives All Group’s 2017 results for its six main CSR indicators have improved compared to the previous year. This increase indicates that the Group should achieve these CSR objectives by 2020. This also confirms its sustainable growth strategy and the creation value by its businesses and activities. 2017 results indicate the Group is on track to meet these 2020 targets. Objectives RSE 1) Satisfaction rate among B2C customers In 2017, the Group's B2C customer satisfaction rate improved by 2 points from 81% (2016) to 83% (2017) thanks to improvements in almost all of the 13 countries where the Group is present on this segment of customers (individuals and professionals). In particular, the Group launched action plans to deal with the treatment of dissatisfied customers, digitization, the continuous improvement of customer experience, the better quality of front-office, the training of employees and the efficiency of internal processes. 2) Share of renewable energy installed capacity At the end of 2017, installed renewable capacity in service (at 100%) reached 23.7GW for a total electrical capacity of 102.7GW, a ratio of 23.1%, an improvement of 3.6 points compared to 19.5%. This improvement is due to the 10% increase in renewable capacity (23.7GW in 2017 vs 22GW in 2016), amplified by the 9% decrease in the Group's total capacity (102.7GW in 2017 vs. 112.7GW in 2016) linked to the progressive output of coal and gas merchant activities 3) Reduction rate of specific CO2 emissions ratio for power production Compared with 2012, the drop in the rate of CO2 emissions per energy produced reached 18.1% in 2017, close to the target of a 20% reduction set for 2020, which is a very good result. The sharp improvement in this ratio between 2016 and 2017 is mainly due to the effects of the Group's transformation plan and the de-carbonisation of its power generation assets, notably through the sale and closure of coal plants. 4) Percentage of industrial activities covered by a suitable dialogue with stakeholders Among the Group's industrial activities (more than a hundred) having been identified for setting up an action plan of dialogue and consultation with their stakeholders, 48% of them have set it up at the end of 2017. This indicator is up sharply in 2017 reflecting the effective implementation of the new engagement methodology, following a phase of definition in 2015 and learning in 2016. The Group is making significant efforts to train operational managers in dialogue with stakeholders around the world. 5) Percentage of women in the Group’s workforce At the end of 2017, the percentage of women in the Group's total workforce (155,128 employees) reached 22.2%, an improvement over 2016 (21.9%) and 2015 (21.6%). This objective is supported by a proactive Group policy favoring, in particular, the appointment of women in senior management or executive positions. An European agreement on gender equality has identified specific action plans in the more concerned Business Units. 6) Internal frequency rate for occupational accidents This frequency rate (which reflects the number of accidents of Group employees per million hours worked) reached 3.3 in 2017, an improvement over 2016 (3.6), which had been stable compared to 2015. This improvement is the result of constant efforts realized by the Group and the BUs in this area. These efforts includes the new \"No Life at Risk\" action program launched in 2017 and the in-depth review of policies’ application and the sharing of practices by the management (\"Safety Inspections\").", "Link": "https://www.engie.com/en/group/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Epiroc Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Our approach to Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Sustainability and corporate responsibility are truly integrated in Epiroc’s customer offerings and our business processes. We believe this to be fundamental for building a company to be well equipped to tackle future challenges and to embrace possibilities in a rapidly changing world. We have policies and processes in place to guide our work with sustainability issues. Targets and key performance indicators have been set and are continuously followed up. It is important for Epiroc to safeguard its reputation as a reliable and trustworthy company, and the Company believes in creating value for all stakeholders. Being a trustworthy company also encompasses a strong commitment to respecting human rights and taking a clear stance against corruption. A major shift in the mining equipment industry is the trend towards automation, interoperability and digitalization, as part of the emergence of intelligent mining, which is focused on cost reduction, productivity increases, performance-critical technologies and safety in the mining sector. A higher level of automation reduces labor costs and health and safety risks. When we succeed, we actively contribute to the achievement of the global UN Sustainable Development Goals.", "Link": "https://www.epirocgroup.com/en/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Equa Bank as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Equa bank a.s. has been active on the Czech market for six years. As our impacts on the banking market are growing, our socially responsible activities are enlarging. We endeavour to incorporate the principles of social responsibility in our corporate values, internal culture and decision-making processes and thus to positively influence our corporate procedures, to increase our profits, as well as to help the company we are engaged in. We aim to establish such business relationships with our clients and partners that will be valuable economically, environmentally and socially, as well as with respect to long-term sustainability. Supporting responsible business activities A responsible approach to conducting business is included in our corporate values. In our business activities, we endeavour to set an example, and to contribute with our share to making the Czech entrepreneurial environment better. We emphasize ethical business procedures and transparency. Environment We endeavour to enhance the awareness of our employees of the impacts of our activities on the environment and take steps to reduce these impacts. We support projects focused on waste recycling in all our office premises. The Amazon Court building, where Equa bank a. s. is located, was awarded the gold certificate of the DGNB certification system in 2011 – see www.dgnb.de, carried out by ÖGNI auditors.Employees People are the cornerstone of our success. We organize an employee survey every year which offers the employees an opportunity to express their opinions regarding the working environment at the company. The survey results provide valuable feedback, enabling us to identify areas for improvement. We are aware that apart from a good working environment, finding a balance between work life and personal life is also very important for employee satisfaction. In these areas we endeavour to meet the needs of our employees. In addition to an enlarging offer of employee benefits, our employees can also use various possibilities allowing them to harmonize their work duties and personal duties. We support team sports activities, organize events focused on healthcare, families with children, and activities helping build friendly atmosphere and trust among employees.Supporting local communities Supporting local communities has been part of the bank's social responsibility since its entry on the Czech market. We organize the Volunteer Day every year during which employees-volunteers help non-profit organizations, and which is participated by an increasing number of people every year. At the beginning of 2014 our employees also founded the Charity Fund of the employees of Equa bank a.s. and identified the areas of charity support. We mostly focus on projects that help disabled or otherwise disadvantaged citizens integrate in the society.", "Link": "https://www.equabank.cz/en/about-us/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Erba Lachema sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Erwin Junker Grinding Technology Inc.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Eseos sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ESET Research Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ETHIC HR sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EUC as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Eurosecur sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EUROTEC, pcs", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility: the way we do business Social responsibility is an integral part of the way we do business at Eurotech. We pursue the objectives of growth, innovation and commercial results, while simultaneously balancing quality of life, working standards and human rights. This commitment is reflected in the principles, policies and management conduct adopted by our company, in order to promote creativity, innovation and fair business outcomes and hence to reinforce shareholders' trust in our company. In addition to steadily reinforcing structural capital, Eurotech Group strives to support our employees and develop social relationships, considering this to be a fundamental investment to ensure the company's competitiveness, stability and longevity. Social Responsibility Certificates and Commitments The Eurotech Group is focused on the development of efficient top quality products, we support state-of-the-art technologies and we are committed to a sustainable development. Quality The ISO 9001 certification is proof of Eurotech’s commitment to the quality of its products and services, and to the continuous improvement of its processes, activities, products and services. Environment The ISO 14001:2004 certification guarantees that the management system of the production plant is complaint to the Environmental Management System standard. Information Security The ISO 27001 certification is the proof of company's attention toward the Information Security Management System. Corporate Social Responsibility – The Global Compact Eurotech is a participant of the United Nations Global Compact, which means Eurotech is committed to respect and enact the 10 principles established by the Global Compact in the areas of human rights, labor rights, the environment and anti-corruption.", "Link": "https://www.eurotech.com/en/section/about-eurotech#social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "EUROVIA CS, as", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The EUROVIA CS Group is a socially responsible firm that takes pride in adhering to a consistent, professional and responsible approach to its partners and customers and the public, as well as to its relationship to the environment. Wheelchair curling EUROVIA CS has long been dedicated to disabled athletes. Since autumn 2014, the company has supported the Czech wheelchair curling team, which competes within the Czech Curling Federation . The purpose of cooperation is the national team’s participation in the 2018 Paralympics in PyeongChang, South Korea. The EUROVIA CS Group is a socially responsible firm that accepted a completely new challenge and entered an unknown environment among disabled people who are unwilling to give up their active lifestyle despite their impairment and want to get the maximum from themselves. In terms of coordination, wheelchair curling is a very demanding sport that requires tremendous physical fitness and advanced strategic thinking. This combination of necessary characteristics is close to the professional approach of a construction firm. Therefore, we decided to sponsor wheelchair curling. We hope that, in addition to supporting the national team, we are improving the conditions for the development of disabled curlers and that the team will succeed in fighting their way to more victories. Ecology EUROVIA CS places strong emphasis on responsible behaviour toward and improvement of the environment, permanently sustainable development and development of new, environmentally friendly technologies. Through its work methods, the company strives, to the greatest extent possible, to limit the negative impacts of construction works, to achieve better utilisation of inputs, to limit pollution and minimise its impacts, including the formation of dust. EUROVIA CS endeavours to involve all of its employees in the fulfilment of its goals. The company demonstrates its responsible approach to the environment through a number of award-winning construction projects. The project Bridge on Motorway D1 Mengusovce - Jánovce at km 19.7 – Field Road on the Wildlife Migration Route was named the Construction Project with Ecological Benefit of last year at the International Water Management and Ecological Fair (WATENVI) and the UBRIS TECHNOLOGIE International Fair of Communal Technologies. The Highway I/44 Červenohorské sedlo – North project received the award for Ecological Benefit of an Implemented Project in 2009. The title was awarded to the project by the Building Ecologically Together association with the Ministry of the Environment and the Association of Building Entrepreneurs of the Czech Republic. The unique footbridge for pedestrians and cyclists in Dačice is another award-winning project. For its carefully executed restoration project, EUROVIA CS received an honourable mention in the 2009 PRESTA – Prestigious Structure of South Bohemia competition. Look Around! Our common endeavour is to ensure that the EUROVIA CS Group’s work contributes to improving the quality of life. We rank our partnership in the Look Around! project among the key projects in the area of social responsibility. Look Around! is an educational project of the Kolečko Foundation in the area of traffic safety. The project is conducted nationwide with focus primarily on children up to the age of ten at preschools, elementary schools and children’s homes. As a company operating in the area of transport-engineering construction, we are very well aware of the necessity of prevention especially among young children. We welcome similar activities and we are very pleased that we have had the opportunity to collaborate with the Kolečko Foundation and to become a proud partner of the Look Around! project. The foundation of the Look Around! project comprises interactive trainings of skills which, in the appropriate manner, alert children to what they should be aware of on sidewalks and in traffic. The project is based on five basic rules of correct behaviour in traffic situations. Look Around! Fasten Your Seatbelt! Be Visible! Help Others! Protect Yourself! A total of 2,500 children underwent training last year and 11,000 have been trained since the project was established. In addition to prevention, the Kolečko Foundation focuses on direct financial support of eight children’s trauma centres in the Czech Republic. The project is conducted in cooperation with the Museum of the Police of the Czech Republic. The Federation of Children’s Homes of the Czech Republic is also a partner of the project.", "Link": "https://www.eurovia.cz/en/csr"}
{"Company Name": "EWALS CARGO CARE spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Exact Systems Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EXECUTIVE & FRIENDS SPÓŁKA Z OGRANICZONĄ ODPOWIEDZIALNOŚCIĄ", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Expobank CZ a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We help where it makes sense We are aware that there are people who have been less fortunate in life. Because our heart is in the right place, we lend them a helping hand. In addition, we support contemporary Czech culture. Corporate social responsibility is not an empty slogan for us. It is one of the main ethical values Expobank and all our employees adhere to. We value humanitarian work done by nonprofit organizations and their support for culture. In distributing assistance, we select those who are disadvantaged, regardless of the reason. Prague Radio Symphony Orchestra The PRSO is one of the most prominent and oldest Czech ensembles. Thanks to its imaginative programming and constantly improving artistic quality, the orchestra has built an excellent reputation on the cultural scene in the Czech Republic and abroad, as witnessed by frequent performances in concert halls worldwide.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EXTÉRIA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ExxonMobil", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Environment ExxonMobil’s diverse portfolio of projects requires us to work in remote and sensitive environments, including deepwater and biodiverse locations. Our environmental management approach is guided by an understanding of the potential environmental impacts of our operations and a commitment to sustainably develop, maintain and operate projects using appropriate standards that enable us to ‘Protect Tomorrow. Today.’ Social Around the world, ExxonMobil aims to be a preferred business partner, neighbor, employer and supplier. ExxonMobil maintains a corporate-wide commitment to safeguarding the health and security of our employees and the public, responsibly managing our social impacts and upholding respect for human rights in our operations. Governance Good corporate governance creates a business environment conducive to long-term growth. ExxonMobil employs a variety of policies and processes to uphold high ethical standards and promote transparency. Our efforts are underpinned by a board of directors that provides strategic oversight of our corporation’s affairs. Addressing the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals The United Nations adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to achieve significant progress on global economic, social and environmental challenges by 2030. Although directed at governments, the private sector and civil society play an important role in support of governments’ national plans. ExxonMobil contributes to certain aspects of all 17 SDGs. In this report, we feature eight SDGs to which ExxonMobil is making significant contributions. For additional information, visit the 2018 Sustainability Report Our goal is to foster mutual understanding, trust and cooperation with stakeholder groups on sustainability topics. We interact with a variety of stakeholders through different mechanisms such as community meetings, digital and social media, corporate publications and one-on-one discussions. Maintaining an open dialogue provides opportunities to listen to concerns, identify material issues, benchmark our performance and make strategic business decisions.", "Link": "https://corporate.exxonmobil.com/Community-engagement/Sustainability-Report"}
{"Company Name": "EY", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We believe business must do more to foster sustainable inclusive growth. It’s why we’ve created EY Ripples – a global platform that brings greater scale and sharper focus to our efforts to strengthen our communities. Through EY Ripples, we focus on supporting the next generation and working with impact entrepreneurs. By working with these groups, we apply our skills where they can make the biggest difference, extending the value of EY knowledge, networks and services to people we might not otherwise reach. This is the first step on a multi-year journey to positively affect the lives of millions of people. Because when 270,000 EY people feel inspired to start ripples – and theirs merge with those of other like-minded people and organizations – together, we can create huge waves of change. Purpose-led strategy While many leading organizations understand the power of purpose, they find that activating it through their strategies and realizing its full value is much more challenging. Our purpose is to support you on the journey to successfully define and activate your purpose. EY Advisory is driven to ask and answer the bigger, better and more impactful questions about purpose. We can help you uncover and activate your organization’s real purpose by jointly defining your business strategy that inspires your customers and employees to act. Innovation realized Innovation is not optional. It is a must. To not only survive, but thrive 10 years from now, companies will need to create businesses and cultures capable of driving the duality of optimal performance today and innovation for the future. Generating ideas is only 5% of the challenge. At least 95% of innovation success is based in the ability to execute and bring amazing things to customers at full global scale. This is innovation realized. EY’s innovation approach is based on the premise of making hard things easy and imagining the art of the possible. As the future is many, not one, we jointly build and validate scenarios with you. We work with you to shape your future business model and deploy new offerings. We are constantly evolving to help you drive your business forward, turning threat into opportunity. Working together, EY can help you design better outcomes and deliver long-lasting results. Digital strategy Companies are operating in an uncertain world, where they must continuously adapt to business disruption. In this “constant state of emergence,” companies must evolve at a speed that matches the pace of digital technology adoption. Every business model and every business process is vulnerable whether they are focused on growing, optimizing or protecting their business. Any company that fails to take advantage of existing and emerging digital technologies to reinvent itself will be left behind. But it’s not just about adapting to and implementing new technology — it’s about running a business like a digital leader. At EY Advisory, we believe that converting these threats into opportunities and riding the next wave of uncertainty requires a different kind of strategy — a “re-strategy” manifesto that constantly evolves at digital speed. Our EY digital professionals can talk to you about what that strategy manifesto looks like and how to achieve it. Growth strategy EY Advisory can help you develop a growth strategy that exploits sales potential and puts your organization in a strategically favorable position to gain market share. We understand the importance of considering market demand, speciﬁc products and services, relevant tax, trade and risk implications, and an advantageous go-to-market approach. In summary, we help to provide both the vision and strategy to achieve growth. This involves traditional growth strategy — developing new and assessing existing portfolio, market and footprint strategies. In addition, we support you in driving your growth agenda. Strategic pricing Setting or changing pricing strategy has huge implications for earnings and market perceptions. Over the past few decades, the growth of pricing discipline, which can generate significant market value, has accelerated. We help your organization develop innovative pricing strategies that support your broader market and business strategies and apply analytics to better understand price performance and help create value. Strategic planning and roadmap Most organizations conduct some type of annual strategic planning exercise, which represents a significant investment of leadership time and focus. Unfortunately, too often that effort fails to define a strategy that is actionable, represents new thinking, and ties to annual planning. EY Advisory can help your organization to make strategic planning a more valuable exercise. A great strategic planning process helps align an organization around its aspirational purpose and helps prioritize initiatives and investments to achieve that purpose. EY's approach to strategic planning process considers disruptive industry trends, emerging customer needs, and unanticipated competitor actions to challenge the status quo. The right process frames strategic choices and defines a clear strategic direction with a sequenced roadmap of initiatives to implement the strategy.", "Link": "https://www.ey.com/en_uk/corporate-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Ezpada s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "E D & F Man Ingredients s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "E M B A , spol. s r. o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "EMBA is a Czech company with long-time tradition and responsible attitude to the society and the environment as well. Its environment-friendly products are manufactured by processing scrap paper and they are completely recyclable. Through its products, EMBA contributes to the protection and preservation of cultural and historical heritage in many countries. As an important regional employer, it perceives its responsibility for the development of sustainable and safe working conditions for its employees as well as its commitment to contribute to the social stability of the whole region. thics is one of the highest rules for relations inside and outside our company Helpful and professional service for customers is our self-evident duty. Our contribution to the quality of life of the whole society is not restricted by the company premises. The highest justifiable employment constitutes our contribution to the successful development of the region. EMBA significantly engages in the charity and social fields. It supports socially beneficial projects with local effects as well as the activities extending the border of the Czech Republic. EMBA won the regional round of the EQUAL CHANCE, a prestigious national competition of employers who facilitate equal employment to handicapped people and actively contribute to their social integration.", "Link": "https://www.emba.cz/en/company/about/"}
{"Company Name": "e m z Hanauer s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 299, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "E Zilly CZ, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "e-drazby.cz s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "e-invent s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "E2E Partner s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EASIT s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EATON", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "mproving the quality of life and the environment Many, if not most things today require power—communicating, feeding our families, heating and cooling indoor environments, managing our health, traveling for work or recreation and providing goods and services to others. Eaton's vision is to improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. We have a vital purpose in our world because we create the products and services that help our customers—and their customers—manage and use power in a way that fulfills their objectives. Our vision: To improve the quality of life and the environment through the use of power management technologies and services. We believe our success as a company should be measured by more than financial results — it should also be defined by our commitment to environmental stewardship, social responsibility and governance. To fulfill our vision, we established financial and non-financial aspirational goals that respond to issues that matter to all our stakeholders. To meet these goals, we work hard to integrate environmental, social and governance (ESG) progress into our sustainability strategy. For each of these areas, we take a longer-term view of performance, while still meeting short-term expectations. Through this approach, we can create sustainable value for all stakeholders both now and well into the future. The world is facing many power management challenges — and our products and services are part of the solution. Years ago, we set out on a path to offer the best power management technologies and services that reduce impacts and improve performance throughout the entire product life cycle—procurement, use phase and end-of-life management. While we’re proud of how far we’ve come, we know we have to keep improving. We remain committed to creating a better future for the planet and our fellow global citizens.", "Link": "https://www.eaton.com/us/en-us/company/sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "EBM Office, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Eclipse Print a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We collaborate with paper mills that are FSC and PEFC certified. Our group has been certified as Multisite and our German, Austrian, Polish, and Czech units offer FSC certified products covering posters, POS material, as well as packaging. Although we offer a full range of material, including plastic boards and a wide variety of packaging, we always offer the alternative form of paper based packaging and fully recyclable material. Our investments during the last ten years have replaced solvent based printing technology with modern water based, latex, and UV based ink which greatly reduces consumption, which, in turn, creates less pollutants.", "Link": "https://www.eclipse-print.com/about-us/95"}
{"Company Name": "ECO - F a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "ECO – F a.s. is a Czech based company, that has addressed the issues of environment and waste treatment since 2002. In collaboration with its regional plants it has provided services primarily in the area of Prague capital, Central Bohemian, Liberec, Pilsen and South Bohemian regions. The company runs according to management system based on standards ISO 9001, ISO 14001, OHSAS 18001 and is as well certified as a Professional organization for waste treatment. Plastics regranulation Processing of plastic waste into regranulate is done using modern technologies: Top-quality production line EREMA INTAREMA 1007 TVE plus – the newest model from 2016 – best quality and YEj YDN-V100 Homogenization silo We produce high quality regranulates for wide range of other utilization! Our regranulates: LDPE, LDPE/LL, HDPE, LLDPE, PP, PC and other materials Production of crushed materials Mechanical processing of plastic waste is done using the following devices: Balkan, Natasha, Apollo crusher Apollo slow-mill Natasha mobile crusher Every crusher and precrusher has its own conveyor belt, spacious manipulation areas, magnetic separators for efficient processing and at the same time they ensure strict control of crushed material. Our crushed materials: ABS, HDPE, PA, PP, PC, PC/ABS, PET G, PS, PMMA, POM, PBT, PPA and other materials We offer crushing directly in customer´s premises.", "Link": "http://www.ecof.cz/en/about-us/"}
{"Company Name": "ECOLOGISTICS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EDA cz, z.ú.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Eden Europe, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability There is no Planet B. That is why at Eden Europe we take sustainability and social responsibility seriously and subject all our activities to strict criteria accordingly. In production, we use high quality materials and technologies that reduce our ecological footprint. Every day we try to do everything we can to burden our Earth as little as possible. We continue to search for new ways to reduce our energy dependency. We use the heat generated by our paint line, for example, to heat the water on the premises. We also use systems to minimise odour traces from the paint shop and for heat recovery. We adhere to the strictest anti-odor and noise limits. Every small step counts We meet the strictest emissions limits and stay below one tenth of the legal limits. In our fleet you will find, above all, ecological electric trucks. We sort waste from all production areas and dispose of it ecologically. For product packaging we use, for example, special stretch foils, which are characterised by their higher strength, lower overall waste rate at the customer and lower CO2 consumption during production. We advocate “paperless and zero plastic waste”. We try to avoid the unnecessary printing of documents and, where possible, keep them only in electronic form. If we cannot avoid printing, we use special recycled paper, the production of which seeks to eliminate CO2 consumption. We support the reduction of plastics within the company. To prevent the unnecessary use of PET bottles, we have installed a system with high quality filtered drinking water. We also think about our ecological footprint with regards to transport. That is why our products go to European customers direct. We therefore avoid the unnecessary production of emissions and other pollutants arising from transport to distant locations. We sort waste in all sections of production. We recycle the residual steel thoroughly. As a company, we continue to invest in innovative green solutions for a better future. Why? Because we also want our children to be able to live here happily.", "Link": "https://www.eden-eu.com/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Edenred CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Edhouse s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EDM Utilitas Tax, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "EFEF, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Effectix.com, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "F.X.MEILLER Slaný s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Farkasova International s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FARMAK, a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "nvironment protection and labour safety Environmental profile Protecting the environment, improving safe working conditions, and preventing pollution are continuously among the company's top priorities. Every year, the Company publishes an Environmental Impact Report, through which it informs the public of its approach and achievements in the area of health, safety, and environmental protection. These reports use quantified indicators to monitor the Company's impact on all parts of the environment and document developments in individual years. The basic principles of corporate behaviour in the environmental field and in the area of accident prevention are set out in the Integrated Policy of Quality, Environment, and Prevention of Major Accidents and especially in the Company’s commitment to being in compliance with the relevant legislation. Certification FARMAK, a.s.has implemented an integrated quality and environmental management system according to the ISO 9001: 2015 and ISO 14001: 2015 standards, which was certified in 2006. The system is also integrated with the quality management system in the pharmaceutical industry (Good Manufacturing Practice), as well as with the major accident prevention system. Responsible Care Logo Responsible care As early as 1997, the Board of Directors discussed and agreed to the codes of the Responsible Care programme. The Company's statutory representative signed a statement of respect for the principles of this programme. In 1999, the Company was first granted the right to use the RC logo and in 2016 it successfully defended the right to use the Responsible Care logo for the eighth time. Within this programme, a Responsible Care Report in which an overview of the basic indicators monitored in the programme is issued annually Sustainable Development Award of the Association of the Chemical Industry In 2017, we received the Sustainable Development Award of the Association of the Chemical Industry of the Czech Republic. This award is granted by the Board of the Association of the Chemical Industry to the member organizations of the Association which contribute to environmental protection, occupational safety, and health protection, contribute to the development of the region, and meet the criteria given by the Responsible Care programme. Safety The company provides occupational health and safety, fire safety, and external protection as an integral part of its business. The basis is accident prevention, fire prevention, and the prevention of emergency events. The accident rate has long been below the national average. The company purchases resources and organizes human resources to respond quickly to adverse events such as fires or accidents. The employees regularly practise activities for implementation in the event of emergency situations arising and maintain their expertise at a high level.", "Link": "https://www.farmak.cz/en/environment-protection-and-labour-safety"}
{"Company Name": "Fatra, a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "PLASTICS FOR A BETTER LIFE Fatra, a.s. is one of the world’s foremost plastic processing companies (PVC, PE, and PET) and an integral part of that industry. In 2019, the company earned almost € 149 million for its products and services, with over 75% of production intended for international markets. We apply modern plastic processing technologies in our plants in the towns of Napajedla and Chropyně, staffed by almost 1300 employees. Fatra offers top products and specialized customer-tailored solutions that extend beyond production to encompass development activities and consulting services, selling products to 53 countries globally. The materials processed include PVC-P, PVC-U, LDPE, LLDPE, HDPE, EVAC, PP, PET and ABS. The company provides services to customers including engineering testing and research at our laboratories, as well as testing, preparing samples and mixtures, and professional advisory and consulting services. The high quality of our products is supported by established quality management and ecology standards – ČSN ISO 9001 and ČSN ISO 14001. Indeed, Fatra has proven itself worthy of certification for “Responsible Care” and being a “Safe Company” many times over. „Fatra is equipped with state-of-the-art production facilities, and actively extends and innovates its assortment for various industrial sectors. Applying the latest scientific and technical knowledge with a focus on quality, ecology and the maximum satisfaction of customers and employees is standard for us at the company. Success requires enthusiasm, willpower, effort, energy, consistency and readiness, as demonstrated by our employees. I strongly believe that Fatra – even after eighty years since its founding – shall remain a foremost European company in the field of plastic processing. Fatra, a.s. is a member of the AGROFERT concern, which unites strong commercial entities linked to agriculture, the food industry and chemistry. Currently numbering over 250 significant firms from such sectors and the geo-technical industry, AGROFERT, a.s. employs 34 thousand employees. In the development of new products, Fatra, a.s. collaborates with two universities (University of Tomas Bata in Zlin, and University of Pardubice) and research centres. „Fatra provides our students with an opportunity to participate in on-the-job-training and educational work placements, helps them with the specification of diploma and bachelor theses, facilitates field trips to production facilities and so on. Fatra also participates in career fairs for students, collaborates with the UTB Job Centre and participates in the hands-on training of trainees.", "Link": "https://www.fatra.cz/en/about-us/company-profile/"}
{"Company Name": "Faurecia Group", "Number of employees": 4999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The rise of zero emissions mobility To meet the challenge for better air quality, the industry continues to improve the performance of traditional powertrains, as well as accelerate powertrain electrification. The acceleration of both battery and fuel cell electric vehicles is driving the need for lightweight battery housing and integrated battery thermal management and as well as efficient fuel cell systems and lightweight fuel cell tanks. Faurecia is accelerating its strategy in these domains. Fuel cell technology Fuel cell technology offers an attractive and complementary alternative to battery electric vehicles. The range and refueling time of fuel-cell electric vehicles is equivalent to gasoline cars whilst being completely emissions-free. By 2030, it is estimated that at least 2 million new vehicles and well over 350,000 trucks will be equipped with fuel cell technology. Faurecia draws on its extensive experience in systems integration and its partnerships with Stelia Composites, the CEA and Ad-Venta, to combine fuel tank and fuel cell stack technologies into a comprehensive solution for both light and commercial vehicles. Faurecia’s overall goal is to halve the cost of the fuel cell stack to make it a more attractive option for automakers to integrate into their electric vehicle range as this technology matures and refueling infrastructure develops. Battery systems Faurecia is developing a range of battery top covers and full battery housing solutions for Electric and Plug-in Hybrid vehicles, and is extending its offer to include battery thermal management integration and battery modules. Faurecia’s goal is to provide innovative solutions for battery packs to leverage its capabilities and know-how in system integration, composite materials and thermal management. Faurecia’s full-composite and hybrid (composite/metal) product offer provides best-in-class weight and volume performance, improving overall vehicle range and energy efficiency. Faurecia believes Fuel Cell and Battery Electric Vehicles will co-exist as complementary mobility solutions as both offer different advantages depending on use-cases, cost and regulations. CO2 emissions regulations have already imposed drastic reductions on light vehicles around the world, falling from above 180g CO2/km ten years ago to targets below 100g CO2/km for Europe, the US and China between 2021 and 2025. Faurecia provides emissions and noise reduction systems that contribute to meet future standards, as well as aftertreatment systems for internal combustions engines and hybrid powertrains to reduce their emissions, noise and recover waste energy. Mainly running on diesel, commercial vehicles will have to adapt to stringent regulations in the years to come and reduce their emission levels. Faurecia is developing new aftertreatment architectures against traditional pollutants such as Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) in order to be compliant with the Ultra-Low NOx and worldwide emissions standards (CARB and EURO VII). As Faurecia expands its expertise in Sustainable Mobility from commercial and passenger vehicles to high horsepower vehicles, the Group has strengthened its technology offering supporting cleaner mobility through the acquisition of Hug Engineering. Hug Engineering is the market leader in complete exhaust gas purification systems for high horsepower engines (above 750hp) which are used in applications including marine propulsion, power generation, rail, agricultural and other industries.", "Link": "https://www.faurecia.com/en/innovation/sustainable-mobility"}
{"Company Name": "FenStar s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FERMAT CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FERRATT INTERNATIONAL CZECH s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FLOWPOINT s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Fokus Labe, z.ú.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FORMICA Group, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We respect the economic, social and environmental spheres of social responsibility. We do not disadvantage age and racial groups, promote gender equality, and give jobs to people with disabilities.", "Link": "http://formicagroup.cz/o-nas/"}
{"Company Name": "FORTUNA GAME a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Foxconn Group", "Number of employees": 2999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "As the world’s largest manufacturing and technologyservices company, our commitment and drive topositively impact the lives of people all over the worldthrough technological innovation extends far beyondthe solutions we provide as part of our core business Social and environmental sustainability is just as paramountto us as it is for the communities in which weoperate. Increasingly, we view these responsibilities asbusiness imperatives in a dynamic global environment We know innovation is critical to achieving continuedprogress – via the way we manage our significantworkforce, in the development and application oftechnology in our operations, or leveraging new ideasto better the lives of those around us In 2018, we integrated sustainability practices into thestrategic areas of our business, namely the Internet ofThings, Big Data, cloud computing, smart lives, Industry4.0, automation, and robotics engineering Through these strategic alliances, we deepened ourcapacity to bring to life an AI 8K+5G ecosystem whilestrengthening our legacy of technology service capabilitieswith our “time to market, time to volume, timeto money” strategy At the same time, we actively took measures to protectthe source of innovation – our intellectual property. Tofurther secure customer privacy and intellectual propertyrights, we established an information security team,which contributed a great milestone in 2018 - an incident-free year for the protection of customer privacy Further, our people-centric approach is central to ourmission of social and environmental responsibility As a fair and equal employer, we know we must continuouslyevolve and add to the value proposition weoffer our employees, so we can provide a rewardingworking environment that is among the best in our industry Our employees are our most important asset. In 2018,we had a new business insurance program (group captiveinsurance), which protects our employees whenthey encountering occupational injuries, medical treatments,accidents, and etc. Meanwhile, we also investthe future of our employees by offering continuing educationand training programs, including courses availableat Foxconn University and other opportunities ofprofessional and personal development In addition, we take our obligation to provide a healthyand safe workplace for all of our employees very seriously As part of this initiative, we have been investingin a number of innovative technological areas, includingindustrial Internet applications, robotics and automation,and ergonomics. Together with training, weaim to encourage our employees to focus on highervalue-added elements of our operations Foxconn is also committed to upholding the higheststandards across our extensive supply chain. We haveput into place a systematic approach that ensuresgreen and sustainable procurement managementpractices at all organizational and product group levels Our vendors and suppliers comply with these practicesand standards We believe minimizing the negative impact of our operationson the environment is a fundamental responsibility In line with this principle, we have implementedmeasures in areas such as environmentally friendlyproduct design, carbon emission and waste reduction,process management, energy and resource management,and supply chain management as well as in theapplication of energy efficient and green technologiesto all areas of our manufacturing operations We are also adopting a “zero waste” circular economymodel across many of our campuses, in which up to 90percent of the waste produced is reused, with the remainderbeing used to generate electricity At Foxconn, we have a strong record of contributing tothe communities where we operate and are consciousthat our strong partnerships can magnify our impact We support good causes and actively participate insocial and community-based programs, including theimportant work of the Yonglin Foundation, which ismaking great strides in its fight against cancer We are also investing in tomorrow’s talent throughinitiatives to bridge the knowledge gap and promotescience, technology, engineering and mathematics education. We do so to create an environment thatpromotes care and respect for the underprivileged andenriches the lives of stakeholders inside and outside ourcompany In 2017, the Foxconn Education Foundation launchedthe “Foxconn Scholarship” plan, which helped 300promising, underprivileged students pursue their academicgoals. In 2018, we established the “FoxconnTechnology Scholarship” to support higher educationfor those who hope to change society through the innovativeuse of technology In 2018, we utilized the power of innovation and investmentto support the realization of our social andenvironmental responsibility goals and I am immenselyproud of our significant progress in doing so across ourbusiness There is always more work to be done and this endeavoris an ongoing one. We look forward to continuing to cultivatea sustainable and responsible ecosystem for Foxconn’sdevelopment, and the benefit of those around us. \"We look forward to continuing to cultivate a sustainable and responsible ecosystem for Foxconn’s development,and the benefit of those around us.\"", "Link": "https://www.foxconn.com/en/SER.html"}
{"Company Name": "Fremach Morava, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Fresenius Medical Care - DS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Future Recruitment s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "F & B COMPANY s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Fabory CZ Holding s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FACTA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FAIVELEY TRANSPORT CZECH a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FARMTEC a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Fastenal Europe, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Fastenal’s founders started our company with a few closely-held beliefs – a commitment to philanthropy, a respect for the unique humanness of each individual, and a relentless focus on not wasting anything. Our business has grown and changed dramatically over the years, but those beliefs still guide our practices today, from how we source, package and distribute products, to how we foster equity and opportunity among employees, to how we give back to the communities we serve. At Fastenal, social responsibility isn’t just a series of ‘boxes’ to check – it’s an essential part of who we are. Environment Sustainability is built into our approach to product distribution – leveraging local infrastructure, careful inventory planning, consistent transportation routes, and warehouse and point-of-use technologies to minimize not only costs and delays for our customers, but also tailpipe emissions, energy usage, packaging, and product consumption. At Fastenal, we're constantly looking for new approaches to make our own business -- and our customers' businesses -- more sustainable. Key areas of focus include greenhouse gas emissions, energy use and consumption, recycling and waste reduction, and efficient use of resources. In our efforts to be a great sustainable partner, we continue to innovate in areas such as automated supply technology, lean solutions, LEED construction support, warehouse technology, and transportation efficiency -- moving product from point A to B with minimal waste, energy, and emissions. 25% average reduction in product consumption through vending. Company-wide, that’s roughly $130M worth of product not packaged, transported, or consumed annually. 12,000 composite bulk bins, allowing us to gain 40% more capacity on our truck routes while avoiding using 500,000 wood pallets annually. 43% increase in revenue per square-foot of warehouse over the past decade to 2018. Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions As our organization continues to grow, we strive to continue to reduce our GHG emissions. As part of our Environmental Management System, we have incorporated a variety of areas that will help us achieve target opportunities and benefit our long-term success. Fastenal focuses primarily on activities surrounding scope 1 and 2 emissions but also seeks out scope 3 emission reduction opportunities to reduce our emissions and improve the environment. Energy Use and Consumption Energy Use and Consumption Fastenal has always strived to maintain minimal energy use throughout our organization. For example, between 2018 and 2019 our manufacturing facility based in Winona, MN has implemented LED retrofits, optimization studies, and efficiency programs to help reduce our energy consumption by roughly 422,000 kWh. This saves as much CO2 as burning 326,713 pounds of coal. We work closely with partner organizations to identify areas to reduce our energy consumption and strategically invest capital to support these reduction initiatives while creating additional sustainable value. Recycling and Waste Recycling and Waste Areas such as plastics, wood waste, metals, and cardboard are a few of the many areas we look to practice waste avoidance. In 2018, our Indianapolis distribution center recycled more than 48,000 pallets. This is equivalent to saving 5,781 trees, or preventing 2,034 tons of wood waste, or reducing 3,092 metric tons of CO2 (equivalent to 10,550 cars taken off the road). Making a substantial impact to our environmental footprint. Environmental Risk Assessment Environmental Risk Assessment Even though our environmental risks are relatively small, we continue to sustain a high level of focus on these areas. Our third-party partnerships ensure we continue to perform at a high level in addition to meeting our ISO 14001 requirements. We use these risk assessments to help determine areas of opportunity, but they also help us maintain a sustainable business. Fuel Efficiency and Reduced Emissions Fuel Efficiency and Reduced Emissions The latest model small fleet (Ram Trucks) to capture the latest safety technology (average age of trucks is 21 months). Latest model commercial fleet to be the most fuel efficient and aerodynamic fleet on the road. (Average age of Fastenal semis is 29 months vs industry average of 84 – 96 months) SmartWay Carrier – Designated SmartWay tractors are long-haul freight vehicles that significantly lower fuel consumption and emissions of air pollutants. They are tested and validated to ensure top performance. As part of our sustainable distribution efforts, Fastenal is now running a battery electric Freightliner eM2 straight truck to service branches in the Los Angeles metro area. Read the full article here.", "Link": "https://www.fastenal.com/en/1047/social-responsibility?intcmp=ft-soc_resp"}
{"Company Name": "FBP MEDIA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FCE Credit, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Federal Express Czech sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Connecting the world responsibly & resourcefully With networks that span billions of people across six continents, delivering is our business. It’s also our responsibility to deliver the resources that improve the lives of those we serve. When we help businesses access new markets, they grow and create jobs that boost standards of living in their communities. Investments in safer and more sustainable transportation improve our own footprint and make our communities more livable. A more connected world sparks innovation when shared ideas, goods and technologies interact to transform how we live and work. We believe a connected world is a prosperous and sustainable world. And we aim to deliver that forward.", "Link": "https://www.fedex.com/en-us/about/corporate-social-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "Felix et al. Law Office, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FERMATA as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ferring-Leciva, as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FertiCare SE", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FF Trader Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Fidentia - Pavlecka, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 6, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FIEGE sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Our commitment outside the box Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR for short) is a \"concept that serves as a basis for companies to voluntarily integrate social and environmental concerns into their business activities and into the interactions with stakeholders\". (EU Green Paper, 2001) As the fifth generation of a family-run company, FIEGE is always geared towards long-term business. FIEGE therefore sees CSR as the cornerstone and foundation of its actions with regard to every entrepreneurial decision. In order to be able to respond to this ideology with tangible measures, sustainability management must be systematically anchored in all management processes. The CSR management bundles all activities and measures that should contribute to the realization of this strategic objective. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We establish common principles for responsible and lawful behavior through binding guidelines CORPORATE CONSTITUTION Our corporate constitution is written against the background that we can only be economically successful if morality and ethics are included. 11 MANAGEMENT GUIDELINES The eleven management guidelines ensure transparency and fast communication at all management and management levels and guarantee fair and friendly cooperation. COMMITMENT By making commitments at the conclusion of the cooperation, we promise our partners that they can rely on our commitment and commitment. CODE OF CONDUCT The Code of Conduct is very important to us and is an essential building block for our position as a family company. Our behavior guidelines are therefore listed in detail and made available to every employee. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP We are responsible for society as part of society. Corporate citizenship makes up the majority of our CSR management and aims to actively invest in the well-being of society using our material resources and moral intent. We see ourselves as a company and employer as well as citizens as part of society. Our effort is to create a clear added value with additional effort. Corporate volunteering describes the non-profit and political commitment of the FIEGE Group. The projects supported include, for example, the annual Christmas campaign through employee initiatives to support social facilities for children in need. FIEGE also contributes to the development of refugee integration programs. The Josef Fiege Foundation embodies the idea of ​​corporate giving by successfully supporting charitable projects with social and ecological concerns through donations for 20 years. The projects are carefully and individually selected and affect all areas such as art, culture, sports, medicine, education, nature and integration. In particular, the focus is on the commitment of our employees and initiatives that are close to their hearts.", "Link": "https://www.fiege.com/de/group/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Filipa PLUS pcs", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FINANCIAL CAREER sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Finder CZ, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FINIDR sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We think green We are not indifferent to our environment. The books are indeed made of paper and paper is made from trees, but we ensure that they are made from responsibly managed forest resources. We also use eco-friendly energy from renewable sources to produce all our books and we actively reduce our carbon footprint. We reduce the impact of CO2 emissions by means of CCS fuel cards We have joined the Clean Advantage programme of CCS and GreenPrint, which provide CCS card holders with the advantage of compensating CO2 emissions created by their vehicle fleet. By means of this programme we support projects focused on natural environment, such as reforestation, use of alternative energies, landfill restoration, ensuring natural habitat for wild animals, etc. Will you join too? For more information, visit Clean Advantage. We purchase Co2 neutral machines Reduction and elimination of CO2 emissions is very important to our environment-oriented printing house. Our investments in technology are therefore focused on the purchase of machines that can be identified as carbon neutral. Our recent acquisitions comprise e.g. Heidelberg Stahlfolder KH-78/82 folding machine (purchased in 2016) or CTP Heidelberg Suprasetter 106 platesetter (purchased in 2018). The Heidelberg company is a pioneer in this field: by means of a climate protection project implemented in Togo in West Africa, the company supports forestation of an untouched region which is exposed to erosion and desertification. In practice, the forestation process means that a mixed forest consisting of purely native woody species will be planted in a protected natural area of 1.000 hectares. This allows to establish an autoregulatory ecosystem and we are glad to be part of this initiative. We are a green company Our printing house has actively joined the unique „Green Company“ project. Within the project we ensure the ecological waste management of our company’s electric appliances and batteries. We also enable our staff to dispose of old appliances by means of a waste collection point, which contributes considerably to protecting the environment, natural resources and human health. We produce books from responsibly managed forest resources Since 2008 we have been involved in FSC® certification system. FSC® (Forest Stewardship Council®) is an international non-profit-making organisation that was established in 1993 to give support to responsible forest stewardship and to create a certification system as a tool for monitoring the origin of wood from logging, processing, up to the final product – e.g. furniture, paper and paper products. We are happy to produce a book according to FSC® certificate which ensures that the material in it are made from sustainable forests with an audited and certified origin for the wood fibre used. We use green energy to produce your books We feel responsible for the place where our business is located. The natural environment and our respect for it are therefore very important for us. We have been taking a number of steps towards preserving our environment, including purchasing ‘green’ electricity – generated from renewable resources. We started to purchase such electricity in January 2016 and it comprises almost 100 per cent of our consumption now (2016 – 2017). We have contracted for its use until 2019 and in 2018 – 2019, as many as 100 per cent of our electricity will be generated from renewable resources. Our long-term aim is to maintain the 100 per cent share of green energies in years to come too. Books with zero carbon footprint We have worked hard to decrease our carbon footprint. We obtained Carbon Footprint Management certificate, which allows us to offer carbon neutral products – i.e. products with zero carbon footprint. Carbon footprint management We have been actively decreasing our carbon footprint due to a management plan which defines our commitment to measure, monitor and decrease the carbon footprint. We aim to use this plan to decrease our impact on the environment in long term. The plan includes procedures aimed at managing carbon footprint, decreasing CO2 emissions and achieving our objectives in the planned period. We are determined to meet our ambitious goals!", "Link": "https://www.finidr.com/eco-friendliness/"}
{"Company Name": "Fio banka, as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FIORINI INTERNATIONAL, sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Trust Company Ltd.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "First Line Software Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "USING TECHNICAL EXPERTISE FOR GOOD First Line Software welcomes opportunities to demonstrate corporate social responsibility by addressing social and environmental issues that can benefit from our knowledge and expertise in software development and digitalization. Other examples of First Line Software embraces corporate social responsibility include regularly purchasing products from the UNICEF organization. We also support organizations that donates 20 – 30% of their revenues from printing services and promotional items to purchase medicine for people being treated with various forms of cancer. VIDEO GUIDE BRINGS MUSEUM EXPERIENCE TO LIFE Museums are continuously focused on attracting more visitors by expanding the accessibility of their exhibits and programs. Technology has been proven to be an effective tool for creating interactive learning programs and making them accessible to a broader audience. Representatives from The State Russian Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia, approached First Line Software about an idea they had for an alternative to their existing audio tour – to accommodate hearing-impaired visitors. They wanted to create a mobile app for a video guide that uses sign language to communicate exhibit details. Without this digital communication vehicle, hearing-impaired museum visitors would be limited to walking through the exhibits and reading signage that provides basic details compared to an audio tour. Or, they might simply forego visiting a museum rather than endure a subpar experience. MOBILE VIDEO PLATFORM NOW AVAILABLE TO OTHER MUSEUMS First Line built a mobile platform to host and implement the museum video guide – at no charge - for The State Russian Museum. We are also making this platform available at no charge to other museums. The mobile video guide platform for museums can be customized by First Line. Once requirements are provided we will prepare a project proposal for consideration. Contact us today to learn more about how your museum can benefit from implementing the platform to publish your video content and interactive programs. GOLD SPONSOR OF CEE SEC(R) - CENTRAL EASTERN EUROPEAN SOFTWARE ENGINEERING CONFERENCE The Central Eastern European Software Engineering conference has been held annually since 2005 with Nick Puntikov (CEO – First Line Software) currently as its Chairman. Various IT community leaders attend: specialists of the big companies, entrepreneurs, investors, professors, scientists and many others. PARTNER OF PROFSOUX - #1 CONFERENCE FOR USER EXPERIENCE PROFESSIONALS IN RUSSIA ProfsoUX is the most important User Experience conference for the non-profit community in Russia and is hosted annually in Saint Petersburg since 2012. It focuses on usability and creativity for UX digital products. FIRST LINE SOFTWARE HOSTS HACKATHONS First Line Software regularly hosts hackathons for students attending local technical universities. The primary objective is to create and develop entertaining and educational software prototypes in a 24 Hour window. All ideas and student technical level expertise are welcome. Master classes are also provided to the students during breaks to enhance their curriculum.", "Link": "https://firstlinesoftware.com/about/social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "FläktGroup Czech Republic as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Environment Legislation Legislation from different local or international authorities affects FläktGroup as a supplier of products and solutions to an international market. In our development we have often surpassed coming legislative demands and directives making our solutions future-proof. Not only do we deliver best-in-class Indoor Air Comfort & Critical Air Solutions - we also deliver energy efficient products which has a positive impact on property owners and our shared environment. 5.3 The energy performance of buildings directive Following the Kyoto protocol the European Union has set a target to reduce energy consumption. For buildings the target is set at a 20% reduction by 2020. The 160 million buildings in the EU use over 40% of Europe’s energy and create over 40% of its carbon dioxide emissions and unfortunately that proportion is increasing. Therefore the Commission of the European Union has issued The Energy Performance of Buildings Directive (EPBD). Reducing the energy use of buildings without compromising the indoor environment and services is the key challenge for Europe. This directive allows for the European Commission to set regulations to ensure that environmental targets can be met. Important changes in this proposal are:  All buildings should meet certain energy efficiency levels when they undergo a major renovation, and not only those above 1000m2 as it is today.  A buildings energy certificate with its energy saving recommendations should be included in sales and renting documents.  The inspection of air conditioning systems should include advises on how to use and improve the operation of the system, including if needed, a recommendation of replacement. The impact of the proposed changes in the recast is estimated to equate to a further 5 - 6 % reduction of the energy used in EU in 2020 (which is equal to the current energy consumption in Belgium and Romania!). FläktGroup has developed its e3 initiative with a focus on the development and promotion of energy efficient systems that provides a healthy indoor climate. We therefore welcome this initiative for energy efficient, environmentally friendly and healthy buildings. 5.5 Ecodesign and ErP Ecodesign - Caring for the future is a shared responsibility Under the Directive (2009/125/EC) Ecodesign for Energy-related Products (often mentioned as ErP) the first 13 implementing measures are estimated to allow about 365 TWh yearly savings by 2020, equivalent to more than 12% of the final EU electricity consumption in 2009. Electric motors alone are estimated to contribute more than 35% of these savings. FläktGroup as a supplier of Air Handling Units, fans and ventilation solutions are already prepared to adhere to these directives concerning Ecodesign for Energy-related Products (ErP) as this is important for us to take our corporate social responsibility, and to help our customers to minimize the climate footprint. Products are divided into so called ‘lots’. There are lots for domestic refrigerators, TVs, lighting etc. The most important lots that relate to FläktGroup products are:  Lot 6: Tertiary Air Conditioning. (This means Air Handling units)  Lot 10: Residential ventilation and kitchen hoods, room air conditioning appliances  Lot 11: Ventilation fans, circulators in buildings, electric motors  Lot 21: Central heating products (fan coils are included here) Lot 11: Ecodesign Regulation 327/2011 for Ventilation Fans Lots 6 and 10 were merged into Ecodesign Regulation 1253/2014 for Ventilation Units and 1254/2014 for Energy labelling. Academy for learning One of our five strategic group priorities is “People“ In order to be successful, HR promotes excellence in people through innovative HR strategies to support the FläktGroup targets. It all starts with the right employee on the right spot, inspired to be highperforming with high fun and with strong customer focus. Why? Because our people – we all together– make the difference! For you to become quickly skilled for your new job and to ensure a excellence onboarding we have a global FläktGroup Academy. But furthermore the Academy will support you during your career. It will ensure learning and developing. The Academy has multiple training targets: Technical and product training for our Sales Force, people in the plants, in R&D and in Engineering but also leadership training for all functions. 5.8 Human rights Diversity Be yourself to make the difference At FläktGroup we celebrate the diversity of our employees because we are strongly convinced that being yourself makes the difference. Individual uniqueness is the determining factor of making progress – we all contribute to the company growth with our different experiences, perspectives, perceptions and skills. We enable and empower individual abilities and capitalize on empowerment. To unleash one‘s potential and personality is what we aim for. That‘s why the concept of diversity is incorporated in our global corporate structure. Working in international, cross-functional and cross-cultural diverse teams creates an environment of mutual trust and overall acceptance. Be yourself to make the difference.", "Link": "https://www.flaktgroup.com/globalassets/our-company/sustainability/fg-sustainability-report-2017.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "FLAME System sro", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FlexiFin sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FLORSTYL sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "flow-r sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Flowserve Czech Republic, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY Giving back to the communities where we do business is an important part of our philosophy at Flowserve. As a global company, we strive to protect our communities and the environment by improving our products and services. Our customers can rely on Flowserve for support and environmentally responsible solutions that help them become more sustainable in the marketplace. Flowserve employees make up an important part of our business. We treat all of our employees with respect and fairness, and have a strong focus on safety in the workplace. The sustainability information provided pertains to Flowserve Corporation, its offices and employees worldwide, and all wholly owned subsidiaries of Flowserve Corporation. WORKPLACE Flowserve is committed to the employee health and safety of its driven, dedicated and focused workforce of more than 18,000 associates in more than 55 countries. MARKETPLACE Flowserve moves, controls and protects the flow of materials in the world's most critical industries - including oil & gas, renewable energy, chemicals, power generation, and water. ENVIRONMENT Recycling and waste reduction programs, paired with rigorous auditing and continuous improvement of internal processes, ensure minimal environmental impact. COMMUNITY Flowserve is committed to improving the lives of children throughout the world and giving back to the communities where our employees live and work. Flowserve defines sustainability as meeting the needs of the present and enabling future generations to meet theirs. Corporate sustainability extends far beyond environmental sustainability to address social responsibilities and long-term economic viability.", "Link": "https://www.flowserve.com/en/more/about-company/corporate-sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "FLSmidth spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FM LOGISTIC", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable development Since FM Logistic was created, the spirit of responsibility has nourished its culture of enterprise and supported its growth.Since FM Logistic was created, the spirit of responsibility has nourished its culture of enterprise and supported its growth. The Group has always aimed to satisfy all of its stakeholders in a fair and sustainable way, be they employees, clients, share-holders, partners, suppliers or society, while respecting the environment. Out of this culture, sustainable development has now grown into a priority for FM Logistic. In order to give structure to this approach and align it with the momentum of its 2022 strategy, FM Logistic has drawn up a sustainable development approach based on four pillars: social, societal, economic and environmental. Although the company management is leading this approach, the countries themselves that are the foundations and the players. They provide the quarterly indicators so that commitments undertaken are achieved. Therefore, these indicators are monitored at Group level and presented to COMEX each quarter. Message from the Director of Sustainable Development FM Logistic \"Sustainable development is a recent expression of what is for us a culture of long-standing. The acceptance of all our responsibilities as an international company has always structured our development. Looking further ahead, having a long term view, ensures the future: this is the vision that our founders inscribed in the DNA of FM Logistic. Whether with our employees, clients, partners, suppliers, share-holders or civil society, we have always wished to have balanced, profitable and sustainable relations with all our stakeholders, while respecting the environment. By adopting a structured approach that meets the most demanding of international standards, FM Logistic reinforces its commitment to promote sustainable development. It is a noble demand: it depends equally on the will of everyone to get involved in improving our common contribution to the future of the planet, by both simple gestures and major actions. All the QHSE&DD team is available to employees of FM Logistic to facilitate their commitment and its realization.\" Olivier Faure, Director of Sustainable Development FM Logistic The 4 pillars of Sustainable Development Societal Pillar – Being a player commited to local economy development Develop partnerships to support local causes With a strong commitment to business sponsorship, FM Logistic implements local actions by means of cooperation in the countries where it operates. In France, teams work to help the Association of the Paralysed of France. Numerous initiatives to help the least fortunate are undertaken by the company: donations of clothes, various collections to support associations, blood donation, recycling bottle caps, etc. In Russia, collections of hygiene products and clothes are organised to help a centre for young offenders. In Brazil, FM teams are deeply involved in order to support orphanages. Develop projects with significant contribution to society FM Logistic is a committed player who desires to make a positive impact on its immediate environment. The way it does this is through the development of projects that make a positive contribution to society. It was in this background that the company launched a collective reflection with a view of drawing up a model for an “alternative” logistics hub. Promoting the professional integration of the disadvantaged For FM Logistic it is very important to promote access or return to employment for people with difficulties. The employment of disabled people is the subject of particular monitoring in the countries. Social Pillar – Rely on our people to be the pillars of our commitment Develop the professional skills of our employees Because logistics is above all a service profession, FM Logistic places its employees at the heart of its concerns. The company develops apprenticeships and the acquisition of new skills to promote the professional evolution of each person. FM University offers its staff high-quality training adapted to the specific nature of the work of FM Logistic. Guaranty workplace safety for our employees Jobs in transport and logistics carry risks: they must be controlled to ensure the safety of our employees. FM Logistic is committed to this and every day implements targeted actions focused on respecting regulations, raising employee awareness, continuous improvement of practices (by the periodical revision of objectives) and, above all, the involvement of each person. Giving all our emplyees access to the health system After analyzing good health practices in each country, the corporate resources department work to harmonize the health cover services that are offered to its employees. This commitment is aimed at harmonising good practice and working conditions in the Group. Economic Pillar – Design the supply chain of tomorrow Promote innovation in supply chain practices by working with key actors The logistics and transport sector is subject to numerous social and environmental pressures. The various players in the logistics chain should work collaboratively to meet these challenges. FM Logistic is committed to doing this through: Participation in European programs on the logistics of tomorrow, Setting up of partnerships with various educational institutions, Development of collaborative projects with some customers, Facilitate sponsorship of skills acquisition in the logistics trade Skills-based sponsorship involves making employee volunteers freely and promptly available to an organization of general interest with a cultural, social, environmental or humanitarian purpose. It is an effective means of involving employees in projects for the benefit of the society. Placed in NGOs, they gain an experience that reinforces the meaning of their daily work. Foster job creation and local economy in each of our countries As an international operator, FM Logistic is committed to the economic and social development of the territories where it operates. It promotes the purchase of local goods and services. It supports local suppliers through a global programme to enhance partnerships in each country. Environment pillar – Place environmental performance at the core of our development Shrink the carbon footprint of our activities From a concern to take account of the global impact of its activities as a logistics coordinator, FM Logistic controls its greenhouse gases by combining: the reduction of CO2 emissions due to transport and those from warehouses, the reduction of energy consumption, the setting up of green offers. The partnership with “Green Freight Europe” and the setting up, in 2014, of CO2 emission monitoring in transport marked a new stage in its approach. Decrease energy consumption FM Logistic invests in order to optimize consumption at sites while still maintaining comfort and the level of service. It is assisted in this by Batilogistic (owner of the buildings) and its subsidiary NG Concept, specialist in building design and construction. Being involved in a process of continuous improvement it has developed an HQE environmental labelling strategy for France and LEED at international level. Develop green offers for our customers Because the environment belongs to everyone, FM Logistic is involved in searching more considerate alternative solutions. Concentration of flows, optimization of shifts, inter-modal transfer, cross-docking, clean urban deliveries etc. All avenues are explored in order to design next-generation services by integrating control of the carbon footprint. Management systems FM Logistic bases its sustainable development approach on a three tier management system that is implemented across the company, countries and logistical sites where it operates. The company’s executive management has to draw the optimal standards for all. But each country and each site has the greatest autonomy to accommodate and to comply with local regulations and realities, as well as to satisfy local customers’ needs. From Brazil to China via the whole Europe, FM Logistic QHSE teams major actors of the QHSE policy whose objective is shared by all employees: operational excellence, customer satisfaction, continuous improvement, etc. The certifications of our countries FM Logistic QHSE policy is based on regulatory compliance, risk prevention and continuous improvement. Its principles of implementation are expressed in a set of rules and reference tools and communicated through the ongoing training of employees. The system used by FM Logistic respects the strictest standards in terms of hygiene, safety, traceability, handling of dangerous materials and sector based good practice. Sites are certified if they require it, so that our customers can be assured that their products are safety handled, within an environment compliant with regulations, at every stage of the supply chain and in each country. As a cornerstone of the organization, the FM Logistic management system is based on process that guarantees the homogeneity and safety of its organization by applying common and compulsory rules. Resulting good practices are then rolled out in each country, taking account local factors. Our commitments Environmental commitments Our environmental commitments To reinforce the impact of its commitment to the environment, FM Logistic has integrated this into its Sustainable Development program : Respect for regulations by following legal, administrative and regulatory obligations applicable to our activities. Prevention of pollution risks is ensured thanks to the vigilance and preventative means adopted over the whole Supply Chain. The use of clean technologies which best respect the environment especially in the design of our buildings and replacement of our fleet of vehicles. FM France has trained its drivers in eco-driving. In Spain, FM Logistic uses a lorry that runs on liquefied natural gas. Communication about our environmental policy in order to raise awareness and involve our employees with values of good citizenship. Continuous improvement to periodically review our objectives and targets in a coherent way with our environmental commitments and the expectations of our stakeholders. Our customer commitments To develop communication and partnerships, we listen to your needs, communicate on KPIs, define a personalized communication matrix for your daily and strategic contacts, and continuously inform you on our activities.. As global Supply Chain experts, • We provide a sector-based response adapted to our clients’ markets, for the satisfaction of their customers, ensuring reliability and cost effectiveness • We adapt to changes in production volumes and market needs ; • We continuously train our people to ensure a high level of service ; • We anticipate your future needs to ensure that we continue to be competitive. Continuous improvement-focused We undertake to implement annual improvement plans and benchmark activities in order to develop and share good practices with our clients. Our safety commitments FM strives for continuous improvement of its results in matters of safety at work. In every country where FM Logistic operates, risk prevention is assured in particular by: drawing up an occupational hazard assessment plan, monitoring and analyzing accidents at work, keeping the work environment clean and tidy. Many awareness-raising, training and empowerment activities are undertaken with employees to adopt safety behavior in their daily work. In order to promote safety at work for its employees, FM Logistic recently launched “Safety First Attitude”. This approach, intended for all, consists in sharing experiences by collecting best practices across the sites. The impact of this approach is monitored via the LTIFR (Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate) indicator, presented during Comex meetings. In addition, thanks to its great expertise in the food sector, FM Logistic ensures the safety of products handled. Thus, for each client, an HACCP study is set up. The objective is to identify the elements that could make the food unfit for consumption and to eliminate them. On each site, where food is handled, dedicated HACCP teams are constituted. They ensure implementation of good practices in hygiene, cleaning, traceability, etc.", "Link": "http://www.fmlogistic.cz/eng-gb/Our-commitment/Sustainable-Development"}
{"Company Name": "FNZ (UK) Ltd - Czech Branch, branch", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FOKUS Mlada Boleslav", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Fokus Praha, z.ú.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FONTANA WATERCOOLERS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "FORD MOTOR COMPANY, s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "2017 marks the eighth year in a row Ford Motor Company has been named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute The honor recognizes Ford’s focus on being a good corporate citizen, which includes supply chain sustainability, responsible mineral sourcing and initiatives like the Partnership for a Cleaner Environment Each year, the Ethisphere Institute recognizes the world’s top companies for driving positive change by mandating ethical practices and promoting corporate citizenship as well as responsible governance and leadership RELATED: Embracing Green Practices From Ford, Suppliers Showcase Environmentally Friendly Manufacturing DEARBORN, Mich., March 13, 2017 – With its focus on being a good corporate citizen, Ford Motor Company has been named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the eighth straight year – the longest streak for any auto manufacturer. Ford’s commitment to ethics is evident in programs aimed at monitoring human rights and safe working conditions, sourcing conflict-free minerals, to programs such as the Partnership for a Cleaner Environment, which is aimed at encouraging sustainability through Ford’s supply chain. Ford also fosters long-term relationships with suppliers through active engagement, which includes sharing best practices, as well as providing training and evaluations to ensure suppliers meet both legal requirements and Ford standards. “Strong ethics and corporate citizenship are the foundation of our business philosophy, which demonstrates to our customers what we stand for as a company,” said Bill Ford, Ford Motor Company Executive Chairman. “This honor is a reflection of Ford’s core values, and it shows that our employees are continuing to make the right decisions every day for all of our stakeholders.” Ethisphere’s list of the World’s Most Ethical Companies acknowledges and honors companies that recognize they have a role in society to influence or drive a positive change. These companies consider their employees, investors, customers and other key stakeholders when taking action, while their values and culture align with the decisions they make every day. “Companies we’ve honored as World’s Most Ethical take a novel response to the shift in societal expectations, constant redefinition of laws and regulations, and the geo-political climate,” said Timothy Erblich, Ethisphere’s Chief Executive Officer. “We’ve seen how Ford responds to these challenges, while still investing in communities where they reside and embracing ethical strategies across the globe, as a sustainable business advantage.” For its efforts, Ford has been recognized by several third-party organizations, including: 2017 World’s Most Admired Company by Fortune 2016 The Just 100: America’s Best Corporate Citizens by Forbes 2016 America’s Best Employer by Forbes 2016 Top Green Company by Newsweek 2016 World’s Most Attractive Employer for Engineering and IT by Universum 2016 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index. For more information about Ethisphere Institute’s methodology and to view the complete list of 2017 World’s Most Ethical Companies, visit www.ethisphere.com/worlds-most-ethical/wme-honorees/ About Ford Motor Company Ford Motor Company is a global company based in Dearborn, Michigan. The company designs, manufactures, markets and services a full line of Ford cars, trucks, SUVs, electrified vehicles and Lincoln luxury vehicles, provides financial services through Ford Motor Credit Company and is pursuing leadership positions in electrification, autonomous vehicles and mobility solutions. Ford employs approximately 190,000 people worldwide. For more information regarding Ford, its products and Ford Motor Credit Company, please visit corporate.ford.com. PROGRESSING SUSTAINABILITY We believe that freedom of movement drives human progress. Shaped by this belief, we aspire to become the world’s most trusted company, designing smart vehicles for a smart world. Our future is already in motion – we are moving people more efficiently and sustainably. OUR SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY Reflecting the rapidly changing times we live in, our strategy recognizes significant shifts in lifestyles, aspirations and global trends, the major challenges we all face, and the emerging technologies, such as electrification and self-driving vehicles, that may help address them. Our approach positions us to lead in areas with huge potential to revolutionize how people move. We’re building on the strengths that help us stand out, investing in our core business of designing, manufacturing, marketing, financing and servicing cars, SUVs, trucks and commercial vehicles. Trusted Company To become the world’s most trusted company, designing smart vehicles in a smart world Driving Human Progress To provide vehicles and services that help create a better world and facilitate freedom of movement Positive Impact To not just lower our footprint but also to develop innovations that make a positive contribution to society Our Aspirational Goals We have no plans to slow down, as we aspire to become the world’s most trusted company, designing smart vehicles for a smart world. Access We aspire to drive human progress by providing mobility and accessibility for all Climate Change We support CO2 reductions consistent with the Paris Climate Accord Air We aspire to achieve zero air emissions from our facilities Energy We will use 100 percent renewable energy for all manufacturing plants globally by 2035 Waste We will achieve true zero waste to landfill across our operations We will eliminate single-use plastics from our operations by 2030 Materials We aspire to only use recycled and renewable plastics in our vehicles globally Human Rights We aspire to responsibly source all raw materials used within our vehicles globally Diversity We aspire to become the most inclusive and diverse global company Water We will make zero water withdrawals for manufacturing processes We aspire to use freshwater for human consumption only", "Link": "https://corporate.ford.com/microsites/sustainability-report-2018-19/progressing-sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "G4S Cash Solutions", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY As a global leader in security and related services, corporate social responsibility is very important to G4S and it forms a key part of our strategy. We are trusted to care for some of the world’s most valuable assets and to ensure the safety, protection and welfare of people around the world, often in complex and demanding operating environments. We play an important role in society – our 570,000 employees deliver services that create a safe and better environment in which millions of people live and work. Conducting our business in a way which is ethically responsible, safe and consistent with the company’s values and standards, is an essential element of our business model. As a global leader in security and related services, corporate social responsibility forms a key part of our strategy. We are trusted to care for some of the world’s most valuable assets and to ensure the safety, protection and welfare of people around the world, often in difficult or complex environments. Ensuring that we undertake our business in a way which is ethically responsible, safe and in line with the company’s values and standards is an essential element of our strategic model. We expect our managers and colleagues to uphold our standards in whatever role they play for our business or our customers. In return, our commitment is to provide fair reward for the work undertaken and the opportunity to develop and grow for those colleagues who wish to do so. We recognise that our employees work in an inherently hazardous environment. We seek to equip and train our employees to ensure they are safe, but the environment in which we operate is fluid and can become hazardous in an instant.The Group’s approach to corporate and social responsibility is now firmly embedded in the Group’s business processes, from employee recruitment and supplier management to bidding and contract delivery.", "Link": "https://www.g4s.com/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "GCE, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability and social responsibility Sustainability and social responsibility are big areas with endless possibilities, challenges and several definitions. GCE follows the definition of sustainable development from Brundtland commission of United Nations in 1992: “Sustainable development is development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs.”. Based on this statement, sustainability comprises the three pillars: Environment, Economic and Social. GCE has selected three focus areas for the Social Responsibility policy and sustainability efforts: - Safety: of our products and in the workplace - Ethical work place and business practice - Usage and recycling of material GCE products must be safe to operate regardless of application and thus Safety of product and in production is prioritized focus area for sustainability. All products and processes are analyzed to identify and minimize risks, and employees are trained how to avoid residual risk both for their own safety and for user or patient. All employees as well as suppliers, customers and other stakeholders shall perceive that GCE is trustworthy and a good partner. Thus GCE strives to have and open work environment, free of all sorts of discrimination, bullying and harassment. Child labor and forced or bound labor is not accepted in GCE or by suppliers. Fair business practice is applied which means corruption in all forms as well as taking or receiving bribes in any form is not accepted. GCE respects design and copyrights, as we expect others to respect ours. GCE designs, produces and sell products for control gases. In other words the physical product is the core of what we do and thus ensuring efficient usage of material is very important to us. Efficient usage of material is characterized in: - Reduce: Less material used mean less raw material, or recycled material, which needs to be processed and transported - Reuse: Reuse of material allows material that is already extracted and processed to continue to be used without additional energy usage for reprocessing - Recycle: Material that cannot be reused shall preferably be recycled to reduce need for new raw material being extracted or produced", "Link": "https://www.gcegroup.com/en/health-safety"}
{"Company Name": "GEBRÜDER WEISS spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABILITY Economic, environmental and social. Acting sustainably is central to our quality commitment policy. For some time now, this has been much more than simply regulating our level of traffic on the roads. Intelligent logistics begins with analyzing the entire system of procurement and distribution processes of our customers. This involves reassessing existing delivery chains and selecting the appropriate modes of transport. Once the different logistics chains have been optimally attuned to one another, the system can run like clockwork, synergies are optimally utilized and costs and CO2 emissions are reduced as a result. Gebrüder Weiss has maintained this business culture since the 1970s – without any legal obligation: all our branches have been provided with railway sidings and investments were made in modern technologies such as geothermal heating systems. Economic By virtue of its solid financial basis, Gebrüder Weiss is independent and strategically oriented towards long-term success. This takes clear priority over the maximizing of quarterly results. We put particular emphasis on being pro-active, as well as on the ability to find solutions and implement them, since these factors – together with our power of innovation – are necessary for maintaining and extending our competitiveness in the future. Environmental We also have a responsibility to protect the environment. Resource-saving solutions, alternative concepts and measures which consider the requirements of present and future generations play an important role here. Both in its operations and in its strategic orientation, a meaningful interaction between economic and ecological factors is promoted. We play a pioneering role here in the areas of transport carriers, energy and technology. Sensible handling of the available resources is a significant aspect of our environmental measures. Improvement of fuel efficiency and the reduction of the resulting greenhouse gases have the highest priority. Ongoing network optimization and implementation of innovative transport solutions continue to be important components. Through measures which have already been implemented and ongoing improvements, we have succeeded in improving efficiency and setting the course for a future with a small carbon footprint. Social At Gebrüder Weiss, social sustainability means active responsibility. For us, corporate social responsibility (CSR) means shared responsibility for the beneficial development of the social environment in which we operate. Our worldwide employees are naturally a priority for us, with their safety and satisfaction most important. Support for charitable organizations is also deeply rooted in our culture. Examples are our partnerships with the aid organizations NÖVSV and WU Vienna.", "Link": "https://www.gw-world.com/company/values/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "GEEN Holding a.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Geis CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GEMO a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "What we love doing Testing new approaches, developing tangible, useful projects and collaborating as a team: learn more about our “Mieux” laboratory, a catalyst for new initiatives and a force for innovation and shared ideas. For better, more responsible fashion that’s accessible to all. BETTER COMMITMENT We are committed to creating meaning and value ___ Since 2012, Gémo has been committed to its CSR approach. We call this progressive approach MIEUX (BETTER). It requires us to be more responsible and more transparent, and Gémo and the ÉRAM Group have taken this on board. There is still a lot to be done and we are working very hard to improve and innovate. We are determined to play our part in meeting the challenges of sustainable development and build the trust of all those in France and overseas who choose us now or in the future. It is therefore essential to move towards a more ecological business model from the design phase through to end of life. Every employee, whatever their position in the organisation, is a driver for change and progress.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Generali CEE Holding", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "OUR RESPONSIBILITIES From now on, our corporate website – and especially this section – will be the main channel for Generali communications in our capacity as a responsible business. The section is not a mere copy of our reports, it provide additional contents and information to meet our stakeholders’ needs. The new Generali 2021 strategy is inspired by our ambition to be a life-time partner and is built on three pillars and three enablers; our sustainability commitment is an enabler of our strategy and it is about creating long-lasting value shared among a wide array of stakeholders: not only shareholders, investors and clients, but also employees, suppliers, the environment, local communities, and society as a whole. In the next three years we commit to increasing the portion of premiums deriving from green and social products by 7-9% and we will allocate €4.5 billion to green and sustainable investments. We will also launch two flagship initiatives: Responsible Consumers, a distinctive and customized product offering, and EnterPrize, an award for the best sustainable SMEs. At the same time, we are expanding even more our global community initiative, The Human Safety Net, aiming to unlock the potential of disadvantaged people so that they can transform the lives of their families and communities. We are committed to the protection of the environment, which we consider a primary asset to be preserved for future generations: in 2018 we published our Climate Change strategy. We believe in the people who have chosen to work with us worldwide. We know that their talent, their diversity and their abilities to be inclusive allow us to be a more innovative Group, capable of changing our customers’ lives. Our sustainability commitment is not something new: throughout the years, we have publicly joined voluntary initiatives such as the Global Compact (2007), the Principles for Responsible Investment (2011), the Principles for Sustainable Insurance (2014) and the Paris Pledge for Action (2015), consistently with our vision. RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS In Generali we believe sustainability is a necessary strategic way to approach business and not just a nice-to-have. It all stems from our purpose, to “enable people to shape a safer future by caring for their lives and dreams”. STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT The map included the main categories of stakeholders - both internal and external to the Group. In particular, we considered stakeholders for whom the Group has responsibility, as well as those that can influence performance. Their proximity, significance and authority were also considered. For each group of stakeholders are listed the main channels for listening and dialogue, mapping the activities carried out by various corporate departments with the aim of understanding needs and expectations, communicating the results achieved and programmes promoted to ensure the sustainable development. Responsibility for the relationship with the various stakeholders is widespread throughout the entire Group and it is an element that requires constant monitoring as part of our day-to-day activities.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GENERI BIOTECH s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GENNET, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GEOSAN GROUP a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GHS Consulting s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GIT Consult Czech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Global Payments Europe, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Globus ČR, v.o.s.", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Globus helps Since the beginning of our activities in the Czech Republic we have supported a number of charity projects. A better world Each of our hypermarkets will now distribute CZK 260,000 among three non-profit or contributory organizations.", "Link": "https://www.globus.cz/o-globusu/spolecenska-odpovednost.html"}
{"Company Name": "GOLDEN HOME GROUP s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Grafton Recruitment s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 500, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GrandOptical", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GRAPHITID", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GREAT UNITED TRADING, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GROUPE LACTALIS", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our approach to responsibility and sustainability LACTALIS Ingredients has formalized its approach to responsibility and sustainability, which integrates economic, social and environmental dimensions and societal aspects of its activity. The history of Lactalis is closely linked to that of rural areas and it is on a daily basis that our family business has been expressing its sense of responsibility and sustainability for more than 85 years. Our primary responsibility is to ensure the sustainability of our business through economic performance, which alone can preserve our independence and freedom of action in the long term. We know that these performances will be sustainable if they contribute to an agricultural transition that allows producers to live with dignity and the population to have access to healthy food, while protecting together our common good: nature. To achieve this, we set ambitious objectives in the following areas: Quality and nutritional value Food safety Animal welfare Health and safety Employment and local development Responsible procurement Training and skills development Water resource protection Carbon footprint For each issue, we have defined the company’s responsibility, the corresponding commitments and initiatives, as well as the progress indicators. This Framework is the guide for our action.", "Link": "https://www.lactalisingredients.com/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "GRUPO ANTOLIN", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "CORPORATE PROJECTS GLOBALIZA - HUMAN RIGHTS We are committed to working in favor of Human Rights in all countries where we perform our sales and industrial activities. See the Global Compact Principles This report, drafted annually by the Global Compact participants, informs of the progress made in implementing the Ten Principles. STAKEHOLDERS Integrated management with our stakeholders is a guarantee for building the future. We convert into participants of our Corporate Social Responsibility all of those groups, in general, and persons, in particular, directly or indirectly related with the corporate project and upon which may exert a certain level of influence. SHAREHOLDERS A responsible and transparent business management that guarantees that shareholders are fully represented in our Board of Directors. The company is owned by the Antolín family since its establishment in the 50s. In 2004, the company decided to strengthen its strategy for expansion by increasing its capital through a consortium of Spanish financial entities. CLIENTS A responsible commitment for a better World. We are aligned with the Corporate Social Responsibility Policies and Codes of Conduct of our clients whom we accompany in terms of geographic, technical and human resources as first-level suppliers. HUMAN RESOURCES A multidisciplinary team that makes the difference. Composed of professionals, men and women, with different nationalities and from a diversity of cultures, whose potential and shared knowledge come together within a single project: Grupo Antolin. See Our people SUPPLIERS An extension of our sustainable business model. It is these whom we involve as participants in our Corporate Social Responsibility policies and procedures so that their actions, founded upon ethics, transparency and respect for fundamental human rights and the environment, will in turn progressively expand across their own supply chain. See Suppliers SOCIETY A commitment transformed into action. Thanks to our close collaboration with entities, associations, public and private bodies in economic, academic and social realms, that integrate our corporate project with the needs, demands and activities of the communities in which we are present. We innovate today to obtain a sustainable future for the automobile. We are committed to training and cooperation as drivers of growth and personal and social development mainly targeting the emerging countries in which the company carries out its activity. We are committed to the occupational health & safety of our company's workers so that they may perform their jobs in a safe and healthy environment. We materialize our commitment to the environment by dedicating time and resources for managing waste, consumption, efficiency and energy management and social awareness. Our environmental strategy is based upon a systematic inclusion of the Environment in all of our processes. We develop, manufacture and supply products with high added value with a lower impact on both the environment and our costs, so as to improve our competitiveness in the sector. Lines of action: Innovation process (reducing weight, biomaterials, natural fibers, etc.) Design of new products and manufacturing processes that efficiently use resources and energy. Search for recycling options for components at the end of their useful life.", "Link": "https://www.grupoantolin.com/en/rsc-en"}
{"Company Name": "GuideVision, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GZ Media as", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Environment Print page The Environment We make sure that the manufacturing processes and materials which we use are still environmentally friendly, systematically and long-term. We have also developed a unique eco-packaging as an alternative to the widespread and common plastic jewel box", "Link": "http://www.gzmedia.com/en-GB/About-GZ-Media-en/The-Environment.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "G & P Quality Management s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GAMARTIS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "GANES, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Garantovaný nájem, a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Gardner Denver", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Safe, Sustainable, and OSHA Compliant Upgrades Safety and sustainability underpin the specialty chemicals industry. As a manufacturer of a wide range of substances, used in over 4,000 products worldwide, our German-based customer continually faces the challenge of maintaining compliance with a variety of standards, while maintaining a safe environment for their employees. Case Study Brochure Having experience with Hoffman & Lamson products, the customer decided that Hoffman & Lamson was the natural choice to help update their processes and equipment to meet OSHA’s updated crystalline silica standards. Download the case study to learn more about how Hoffman & Lamson worked with the customer to safeguard their employees and ensure compliance.", "Link": "https://www.gardnerdenver.com/en-kr/hoffmanandlamson/about-us/news-and-events/changes-to-occupational-health-regulations-call-for-vacuum-technology-from-hoffman-and-lamson"}
{"Company Name": "HAJDIK a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HARTMANN - RICO a.s.", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The aim of our research and development work is to offer all our customers around the world easy-to-use and cost-effective products and services. Therefore, we integrate our worldwide subsidiaries closely into the product development process, thus ensuring global success of our products. Close to the customer as regards incontinence products The number of persons with incontinence who receive care and those who lead an active life and want to be mobile is increasing. Wearing-comfort, flexibility, discretion, and odor control therefore play an increasingly important role in incontinence products. To help those affected to function in daily life despite their problems and to help nurses work effectively, we are constantly improving our products, interviewing not only physicians and nurses but also consumers on these topics. MoliCare und MoliForm – optimized for caregivers and patients Nursing facilities often have to balance efficiency and good care. Professional quality, that is, incontinence products that protect against leakage and are gentle to the skin, are a basic requirement for successful work. Our well-known product lines MoliCare and MoliForm have therefore been expanded to include products that are even more effective: the incontinence brief MoliCare Premium soft and the incontinence pad MoliForm Premium soft. “In this new generation of incontinence products, we wanted to implement further progress for professional incontinence care while, at the same time, providing noticeable relief to those affected,” said Dr. Dieter Feustel, Head of International Marketing Incontinence Management. “It helps improve the quality of life of those affected, allows nursing homes to deliver professional care, and, finally, – and this is most important – there is more time for individualized care in daily nursing routine.“ Skin protection has been improved by using a new absorbent core and through pH adjustment of product parts with direct skin contact to the natural pH value of the skin. In MoliForm, the contour has also been properly adapted to anatomic conditions. The new MoliCare briefs have a new type of hook-and-loop tape. They can actually be removed and readjusted as often as necessary. Small application problems when using the products, as sometimes occur in daily nursing practice, can thus be easily corrected. Skin cream residues no longer inhibit fastening of the tapes. Another benefit is that the products no longer rustle and therefore are more discreet. Measuring and assessing wounds accurately with SkinArea To effectively support doctors, nurses, and nursing experts in their duties is one of the key objectives of HARTMANN. SkinArea, the new HARTMANN software for wound measurement and documentation, has been developed together with French nurses. The program allows the precise monitoring of the wound healing process, and the attending experts are effectively supported when creating the required documentation. SkinArea also facilitates development of statistics and digital examination reports. Professional users can continue to share therapy-related patient data among themselves, with the most advanced standards ensuring that the high requirements for privacy and data security are met. Disposable surgical instruments: hygienic, functional, and environmentally superior We not only optimize our products in just one dimension but analyze the ratio between costs and benefits along the entire product life cycle using consistent value engineering (see page 43). In this way we often find surprising solutions. For example, this allowed us to develop a new range of disposable products based on comprehensive demand and material flow analysis in surgical instruments for standard procedures. These devices not only meet the highest hygiene standards but are also cost-effective for customers. We have been offering our customers in hospitals and medical practices these disposable surgical instruments under the name Peha-instrument since April 2009. Each of these instruments reaches its place of use brand new and sealed in sterile packaging. The risk of cross contamination from inadequately reprocessed reusable surgical instruments can be completely excluded for the benefit of the patients. “From a medical perspective, this advantage is decisive,” said Michael Krompholz, Head of Surgical Consultants at HARTMANN in Germany. But the environmental performance of the disposable products is also excellent: made of recyclable material they achieve a recycle rate of 98 percent at the end of their life cycle by being fed back into the material cycle. Lean distribution logistics plays an important role here. Under the HARTMANN system partnership (see page 10) Pehainstrument products also belong to the integrated solutions customized to the specific needs of medical and surgical supplies in the field of medical and hygiene products. Disposable sets for operating rooms and wards: structured customer solutions for lean processes With custom procedure trays and sets, HARTMANN effectively helps to streamline many processes in hospitals. To this end, we customize, for example, our disposable surgical drapes of the Foliodrape brand to customer needs by adding dressing materials and various third-party products. These individually customized surgical sets ensure that the surgeon has all these items ready to hand. Preparation and change times between operations as well as process costs are significantly reduced. With MediSet – ready-to-use sets for standard minor procedures – we offer similar efficiency benefits for treatment on the ward or in the outpatient department. Customer-focused innovations such as these were decisive for the HARTMANN GROUP on receiving the Growth Strategy Leadership Award in July 2007 from Frost & Sullivan, an international market research and consulting firm based in the U.S.A. As an international company, we also operate manufacturing plants in countries where people and their health are not always valued. We therefore work with our suppliers and are involved – closely aligned to our core business – in a number of education and training projects and humanitarian endeavors. Training and earning instead of child labor The project Learn and Earn in Sialkot, Pakistan, is an example of this commitment. The HARTMANN GROUP has its disposable surgical products of the Peha-instrument brand manufactured here (see page 16). Child labor is very common in Pakistan – a situation we do not want to accept. HARTMANN therefore has set itself the goal of banning child labor in the entire production process. Together with a local development aid organization, we have launched the following support project in Sialkot: children under the age of 15 working at subcontractors of our suppliers are withdrawn from work, receive a scholarship, free health care, and can attend private schools. School attendance, books, and uniforms are financed by the project. In addition, the students receive material and financial support compensating for lost wages. To make sure that not only the children directly affected are protected, their siblings can also participate in the Learn and Earn project. This helps prevent sending another child in the family to work. Residential home and training center for young women in India In the Indian city of Coimbatore, the HARTMANN subsidiary Karl Otto Braun (KOB) has been helping young women from the countryside to participate in education and training for 11 years, enhancing, among other things, their social position. The women receive free room and board as well as health care on the company’s premises. After three years of vocational training, they usually return to their families. Some of them get married at the end of their training. A portion of their wages is paid into a government controled fund, accrues interest, and is given to them at the end of their training. After the expansion of the plant in 2009, about 210 young female workers are now living in the company‘s residential quarters.", "Link": "m.hartmann.info › Downloads › HARTMANN-sustainability-report"}
{"Company Name": "HAUSER spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HAVEL & PARTNERS s.r.o., advokátní kancelář", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Havlík & Stejskal s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HAVLÍKOVA APOTÉKA", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Hays Czech Republic, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "The growing business case for sustainability The move towards sustainability is not just happening because it’s helping to stave off environmental catastrophe. There are sound commercial drivers too. To begin with, there’s the need every company has to avoid alienating its customers. A recent global survey by market research company Nielsen found that 81 per cent of global respondents feel strongly that companies should help improve the environment. As well as avoiding penalties by complying with growing green legislation – the UN says there’s been a 38-fold increase in environmental laws worldwide in the past four decades – sustainability can have a real impact on a company’s bottom line by cutting costs in the workplace through different approaches to energy use, recycling and water and waste management. The Carbon Trust points to energy in particular as one of the largest controllable overheads in any workplace. Less energy use means savings, and the environment will benefit from reductions in carbon emissions. It’s a point demonstrated in Australia, where the government-mandated National Australian Built Environment Rating System works to encourage improvements to the sustainability credentials of businesses and workplaces. Since the programme’s inception 20 years ago, it has helped to save 826,578 tonnes of CO2 emissions – enough to power 75,200 homes for one year. Will Richardson, MD of environmental management consultancy Green Element, cites an example of how improvements to one company’s energy use and waste processes led to cost savings of £50,000. A system of rolling targets has now been embedded to ensure the company “stays on track and maintains its sustainability as a business for years to come”. Why green workplaces can make employees happier and healthier Our surroundings can also have a big impact on the way we feel and the way we perform. Most of us spend a huge slice of our waking hours at our place of work – for the average American, it’s 90,000 hours over their lifetime. So, can sustainability at work improve staff performance? Biophilic design – bringing greenery into the workplace to help people feel more connected with the natural environment – has been shown to improve employees’ wellbeing and productivity. And using natural light in the office rather than relying too heavily on artificial lighting not only cuts power consumption but can also be beneficial to staff. A study carried out at Cornell University reported an 84 per cent drop in symptoms of eyestrain, headaches and blurred vision symptoms in daylit office environments. Report author Professor Alan Hedge believes optimising natural light in workplaces “significantly improves health and wellness among workers, leading to gains in productivity”. While there are health benefits, potential employees also have moral concerns about how green an organisation is. According to the Deloitte Millennial Survey 2019, which questioned millennials around the world, climate change and protecting the environment is their top concern. Furthermore, 42 per cent of survey respondents say they have “begun or deepened” their consumer relationship with a company because they perceive a company’s products or services to have a positive impact on society and/or the environment. Attracting talent through green initiatives With that being the case, pursuing eco-friendly policies is likely to become a must-have in a company’s recruitment pitch. Deloitte’s findings suggest younger workers are looking for more than just good pay, and “show deeper loyalty to employers who boldly tackle the issues that resonate with them most, such as protecting the environment”. Evgenia Malakhova, Internal Communication Manager for pharmaceutical company Petrovax in Russia, agrees. “Going green can certainly attract talent, especially in younger generations,” she says. “When they compare a company that has a consistent concept of corporate social responsibility with one that doesn’t, choosing who to work for is an easy decision.” The evidence, then, points to employers needing to make sure their company is moving with the times and accommodating the needs of the modern workforce. This can help them avoid missing out on recruiting key talent. Making sustainability efforts authentic While attempts to implement sustainability in the workplace have many positives, companies must be careful not to leave themselves vulnerable to accusations of so-called greenwashing – where businesses are shown to have overstated their green credentials. Those that make false claims risk losing credibility with consumers, employees and investors. Authenticity is key when making changes. Richardson says: “Carbon offsetting enables companies to buy carbon credits and be deemed ‘carbon neutral’ without having to actually stop emitting carbon dioxide, but does this make a company truly sustainable? “If the company has worked hard to reduce carbon emissions, but needs help in becoming completely carbon neutral, then supporting reforestation and other carbon offsetting projects may be considered no bad thing. “However, if the company simply throws money at carbon offsetting and doesn’t try to change its operations, then what is the use of that? Whatever sustainability initiatives a company implements, it should be authentic and not just a PR stunt.” The most serious examples of greenwashing can do tremendous damage to a company’s reputation and even result in criminal charges: the fallout from the discovery that German car maker Volkswagen made false claims about some of its vehicles meeting pollution standards rumbles on, with former company boss Rupert Stadler being charged with fraud. Malakhova says that being open about how much you can do is important. “In the pharmaceutical industry, being sustainable aligns with quality and responsibility standards needed in our production,” she explains. “Our employees feel that they participate in the creation of valuable products, but at the same time they know that any type of production can have a bad effect on nature.” Reducing organisational carbon footprint through green buildings Ever since the world’s largest conservation organisation, the WWF (the World Wide Fund for Nature), committed to making its new UK headquarters as sustainable as possible, it has attracted interest from outside organisations wanting tips on how they can follow suit. WWF’s Living Planet Centre serves as an open-plan workplace for some 300 staff, as well as hosting a 150-seat conference venue and education support facilities. The £13 million, 3,600m2 building was awarded the Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Method’s (BREEAM) Outstanding rating and includes a central atrium-like space that’s home to a number of trees. Carbon emissions have been cut by 25 per cent, compared with the WWF’s previous office building, and the centre produces 50 per cent of its water through rain harvesting and greywater recycling. Further sustainable initiatives include producing 20 per cent of its own electricity via solar panels and more electricity provided via ground source heat pumps. Lauren Wiseman, WWF Environmental Manager, says: “We’ve had a lot of interest from external parties about how our sustainable technology works and if it’s commercially viable, especially as there’s now more awareness of the climate emergency and that companies need to act to tackle that. They want to know what they can put in place and we’re very happy to share details.” She reveals the centre recycles “between 75 and 85 per cent of all waste produced in the building”. That includes paper, aluminium, card, some types of plastics, glass, textiles, electronic equipment – even sweet wrappers and crisp packets. In addition, an anaerobic digester recycles food waste and other organic matter. The roof is designed to let in as much natural light as possible, but the centre is also gradually adopting LEDs for supplemental lighting. “LEDs use 60 per cent less energy than a standard bulb,” adds Wiseman. Besides all this, WWF has established an environmental procurement policy, expecting its suppliers to mirror its aims in pursuing eco-friendly policies, and promotes a sustainable travel policy, setting restrictions on how far staff can travel around the world. Small steps to make your business greener Of course, most businesses don’t have the luxury of new, purpose-built premises and are renting their workplace. Alan Bailey of The Future Economy Group, which runs an online network for businesses to share news of eco-friendly practices and products, recommends companies engage with their landlord to take steps towards sustainability. “Commercial property owners are expected to meet minimum environmental standards and are beginning to understand they’ll need to upgrade their buildings even more in the future,” he explains. “Property owners want to keep good tenants, so it’s often in their interest to work with you to make it more sustainable. If they won’t cooperate, when your lease is up, move to different premises or co-working spaces with better green credentials.” Topping even the Living Planet Centre is a 40,000m2 office building in Amsterdam called The Edge. It can respond to data from 28,000 sensors that track movement, lighting levels, humidity and temperature by using resources more efficiently. When areas are not being used, heating, air conditioning and lighting can be adjusted or switched off. The environmental ratings assessment BREEAM gave The Edge a score of 98.36 per cent – one of the highest-ever sustainability scores. No less impressive, the 50-storey Bahrain World Trade Center is the first high-rise in the world to have wind turbines in its design. The 225kW turbines feed in 11–15 per cent of the total power consumption and the building has been awarded The Arab Construction World for Sustainable Design Award. Generating buy-in at all levels Many of the small actions in creating a culture of sustainability in the workplace – like turning off lights and computers at the end of the day, or using recycling bins – come down to the behaviour of staff, so getting employee buy-in is crucial to the success of many eco-friendly schemes.", "Link": "https://social.hays.com/2019/11/05/build-business-sustainable-authentic/"}
{"Company Name": "HECHT MOTORS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our goal for the future is to bring more high quality ranges of products with individual customer approach, high level consulting with strong emphasis on sale and after sale service corresponding to the demands of the 21st. Century. This applies not only to garden care, power tools and garden leisure but also to the new fast growing Green Line segments such as battery-powered garden and workshop products, electric bikes, ATV´s and electric motorcycles.", "Link": "https://en.hecht.cz/info/about-hecht"}
{"Company Name": "HELLA AUTOTECHNIK NOVA, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "COMMITTED TO THE ENVIRONMENT In our role as an innovative family-owned company, we are committed to managing resources responsibly. This commitment to protect the environment also applies to each one of our employees. Hence we view environmental protection as more than merely complying with legal requirements; rather, sustainability is an integral part of our corporate culture and a key responsibility in line with operational management. In this vein, we strive to continuously optimize our products, technologies and processes towards increased environmental sustainability. The evidence is provided by our products and technologies on a daily basis, whereby our development and innovation efforts focus particularly on aspects related to reducing consumption and increasing efficiency. In this context, we have identified three optimization areas: cost savings for drivers through the reduction of fuel consumption, the sustainable use of resources, and the minimization of CO2 emissions. This process is accompanied by a great need for innovative solution approaches. HELLA has a broad range of product solutions which contribute to saving fuel or reducing CO2 emissions-both in electronics as well as lighting. HELLA actively contributes towards protecting the environment through its innovative product solutions, such as the intelligent battery sensor or the energy – efficient \"Eco StreetLine\" LED street lighting concept, but also through compliance with demanding environmental standards in development and production. These standards are precisely defined in guidelines and certification specifications, and apply to all of our locations across the globe. In this context, all HELLA locations are certified according to the \"ISO 14001\" environmental management system. In addition, we strive to continuously find new potentials for environmental protection at all our locations. Here at HELLA, we know that as a sought-after employer, we have a special responsibility to give back to society. We do so in a variety of ways, focusing especially on efforts to support education in general and science in particular. Examples include our work with the Hueck Foundation, partnerships with universities and research institutes, and the scholar-ships we sponsor for outstanding students. Our sales locations and plants also support a number of local social projects and initiatives aimed at local communities. We also know that a company is only as good as its employees, so we earmark special funding to support our employees’ growth and continuing development. Helping our employees achieve optimum work-life balance is just one important part of our full-spectrum approach to personal and professional development. HELLA is committed to offering all employees a work environment that fosters their development and gives them a chance to shine.", "Link": "https://www.hella.com/hella-com/en/Corporate-Responsibility-724.html"}
{"Company Name": "Hertford Investments, a.s.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "Social responsibility Social responsibility is the basis of our corporate culture. HESTEGO a.s. is fully aware of its social responsibility not only to its customers and suppliers, but also to its employees and the general public. Most of all, we do not forget the town where we reside. We support numerous subjects and important social, cultural, and sport activities in the community. Support of disabled and socially handicapped people Our chief partner in this area is the Piafa Vyškov, z.ú. association. This association helps disabled or socially handicapped persons to improve their lives and integrate more easilty into society. Every year, Piafa works with more than five hundred clients. HESTEGO a.s. has sponsored this association since 2008. We don't just help financially, we also organize volunteer work where our employees participate in maintenance of Piafa's entire complex of buildings, their riding-hall, and enclosures for therapy horses. We also organize annual Children's Days for our employees in cooperation with Piafa. Support of professional education We regard development of creativity and technical skills very highly, and so we support our educational system from nursery schools to universities. We have helped to equip several nurseries with polytechnic kits. We organize tours of our production facilities for basic school pupils so that they can see our modern equipment. Within educational trade fairs and the job opportunities, we regularly assist with the intake of pupils to technically focused secondary schools. We closely cooperate with the Sochorova Vocational School in Vyškov, which offers studies in the area of mechanical engineering. We give students a chance to engage in professional practices, and we financially support the school. We also engage university students in the implementation of our projects within study placements, for example in the areas of research and development. Our specialists contribute to bachelor theses and dissertations. We offer interesting job opportunities to graduates of secondary schools and universities. Support of sport and social life in the region HESTEGO is also active in the life of the Vyškov region. We support some sport associations (e.g. AK AHA Vyškov, Basket Vyškov), charity events (e.g. I Run and Help), cultural events (e.g. the Zpívejfest – a singing festival), and the social-care car projects (e.g. the Regional Charity in Vyškov, Paprsek, etc.). We carefully chose partners in the CSR area. We have decided to concentrate our help on subjects where we find vision and great enthusiasm for the work performed and great prospects for further development. We adhere to the idea of the Swedish economist Jonas Ridderstrale: \"It is better to be someone for someone than no one for everyone.\"", "Link": "https://www.hestego.com/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "HESTEGO a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HILL Woltron Central Europe s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Hilti ČR spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "At Hilti, we believe that business and social responsibility go hand in hand. It is a faith that we have adhered to throughout the history of our society, in the spirit of personal devotion to our founder Martin Hilti and the entire Hilti family. We support activities that contribute to the general well-being of society as a whole, wherever we operate in the world - which is currently in more than 120 countries around the world. We want to help people create their better future, help them to help themselves and achieve real and sustainable improvement in their lives. OUR GIFTS AND SPONSORSHIP We support non-profit organizations and projects that help improve social and cultural coexistence. We focus on education, science, culture and art, as well as social issues. LOYALTY OF OUR TEAM MEMBERS Hilti team members' commitment The members of our Hilti team are involved in many local projects such as building renovation, garden planning or park building. All this helps to make the world around us a better place. But that is not all. If there is an emergency or a disaster, such as a natural disaster, our team members will provide financial help or the necessary things, or go to the site in person and lend a helping hand. This dedication is led by our local Hilti offices, which work closely with the Hilti Foundation. HILTI FOUNDATION The Hilti Foundation was founded in 1996 as the Martin Hilti Family Trust. Its mission is to improve the quality of life of disadvantaged people by encouraging them to help themselves in a real and sustainable way. The Hilti Foundation supports organizations that make a vital and visible contribution to solving societal challenges by providing funding and expertise. The Foundation focuses on six areas of activity: affordable housing community development culture, science and education disaster relief professional training and education social business", "Link": "https://www.hilti.cz/content/hilti/EE/CZ/cs/company/corporate-responsibility/social-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "HIREX s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HOFÍREK CONSULTING", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HOFMANN WIZARD s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HOLLEN CZ s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Honeywell, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable Opportunity Policy Our Sustainable Opportunity Policy is based on the principle that by integrating health, safety and environmental considerations into all aspects of our business, Honeywell protects its people, communities and the environment; achieves sustainable growth and accelerated productivity; drives compliance with all applicable regulations; and develops technologies that expand the sustainable capacity of our world. This policy is deliberately and directly embedded into our company-wide operating system, a blueprint for continuous operational improvement. Endorsed annually by our CEO and senior leadership, the policy is posted in every facility and communicated to all employees and contractors. Environmental and Safety Commitments Our commitment to be more efficient and responsible is reflected in the extensive work we do to make our businesses more environmentally friendly, safer and more sustainable. View Sustainability and Safety Recognitions Reducing Global Greenhouse Gases In 2018, we exceeded our public goal of improving our greenhouse gas intensity by more than 10 percent from a 2013 baseline. Overall, our sustainability program has reduced our greenhouse gas intensity by more than 90 percent. Download our greenhouse gas reporting data. Boosting Energy Efficiency Since 2010, our facilities have implemented more than 4,300 efficiency projects including building automation and controls, lighting and mechanical upgrades, saving more than $80M (annualized). We have increased our energy efficiency by about 70 percent (2004-2018). Conserving Water We strategically target water conservation projects in areas experiencing “water stress,” as defined by the World Resources Institute. Since 2011, we’ve implemented more than 150 water conservation projects in these areas, saving over 127 million gallons. Reducing Waste Each of our strategic business units is required to establish annual targets for reducing hazardous waste and diverting waste from landfills. These targets must be approved by our CEO. Providing a Safe Work Environment We maintain our company-wide global Total Case Incident Rate or TCIR (the number of occupational injuries and illnesses per 100 employees) at less than half of the combined U.S. averages of the businesses in which we operate. At the end of 2018, our global TCIR was 0.42. Creating Eco-Efficient Products Our priority is health, safety and environmental protection, both in how we do our work and in our results. As we invent new tools and solutions, we take deliberate, strategic steps to improve each innovation’s eco-efficiency. We evaluate new products according to their ability to: • Reduce the use of natural resources during manufacture and distribution • Increase the energy efficiency of the product itself, or because of its use • Reduce waste production • Create opportunities to reuse and recycle • Offer opportunities to use recycled or renewable materials • Reduce and eliminate classified toxic or hazardous materials • Be packaged efficiently Responsible Remediation With our roots partly in the chemical industry, we have environmental remediation issues arising out of operations in the past, mostly in businesses Honeywell closed or sold years ago. We are responsibly addressing those issues using world-class science, design and engineering to protect human health and the environment Health, Safety, Environment, Product Stewardship and Sustainability Management System Our Health, Safety, Environmental, Product Stewardship and Sustainability Management practices are managed by a global team of trained professionals with extensive knowledge and hundreds of years of collective experience. We use third-party-certified standards, including ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001, and industry best practices, which is fully integrated into our operating system. Compliance is monitored through an audit process. The timely development and implementation of process improvement and corrective action plans are closely monitored.", "Link": "https://www.honeywell.com/en-us/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "HOPI s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Horizont Real, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HP TRONIC", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HP-Pelzer s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Achieving Sustainable Success We embrace excellence and seek to continually improve our health and safety, quality and environmental protection methods across all the stages of our chain. One of our core tasks is to cultivate expertise, creativity and continuous improvement. Competence, training and awareness are the basic building blocks required to promote excellence at the highest level of customer satisfaction, along with an ongoing trust in our products and services, financial strength and long term value. Being present in 21 countries and 4 regions, with more than 60 plants and over 10,000 employees, reflects our global approach in supporting the demands of our customers. With a strong central organisation and regional COOs that manage operations, we are able to produce and deliver over one million parts per day. We have a great passion for what we are doing. Seeking excellence along this path, we empower people to drive, cooperate, learn and develop, progressing in our performance and improving on a daily basis. This is our culture and the way we do things. It is how we move towards to achieve our objectives.", "Link": "http://www.adlerpelzer.com/we-today/footprint/achieving-sustainable-success/"}
{"Company Name": "HR Direct s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Huisman Konstrukce, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Human agency, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Humares s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Hyundai", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Introducing Hyundai’s CSR Projects Hyundai Motor Company recognizes itself not only as a profitmaking organization, but as an active corporate citizen of the international community. The company, accordingly, makes great efforts to ensure a more sustainable future for all humankind, working closely together with all stakeholders with whom it maintains relations (including customers, employees, shareholders, partner businesses, and local communities). Hyundai’s CSRs can be divided among economic, social, and environmental responsibilities. The economic responsibilities, touching the fundamental basis of any profitmaking organization and including the needs to create jobs and to receive investments, are fulfilled by ensuring trustworthy management. Hyundai, as an active corporate citizen, also fulfills its social responsibilities through its various CSR campaigns, projects, and programs catering to the needs of its stakeholders, including the marginalized of society at large, employees, customers, partner businesses, and local communities. The company also implements systems of environmental management in order to fulfill the environmental responsibilities it bears as a leading automaker. The concept of “corporate social responsibility” is emerging as one of the keywords defining today’s business environment, as the emphasis on the social roles and functions of companies is increasing.Hyundai Motor Company recognizes its corporate social responsibilities as part of its core values, incorporating them into the sustainable management system it is building to realize the five principles of its management philosophy better.", "Link": "https://www.hyundai.com/worldwide/en/company/csr/csr-introduction/hyundai-csr"}
{"Company Name": "H & B delta sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "H & B REAL as", "Number of employees": 29, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Real Estate", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "New Green Savings is the name of the successor program Green Savings . Between 2013 and 2021, the State Environmental Fund of the Czech Republic provides and will provide financial support for reducing the energy performance of residential buildings, building houses with very low energy performance, efficient use of energy sources and renewable energy sources.", "Link": "https://www.hbreal.cz/Zelena-usporam/Informace.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "ha-vel internet sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Support is one of the main pillars of a socially responsible society. The ha-vel telecommunications group therefore supports non-profit organizations as well as sports clubs and cultural events. Among the non-profit organizations we support Children's Home Heart in Karviná, Dagmar and Václav Havel Foundation VIZE97, Blue Key, Dad and Mom Foundation and All Czech Reads to Children. We also support sports clubs in the form of advertising partnerships. Supported clubs include NH Basket Ostrava, FC Banik Ostrava, HC Vitkovice Steel, Bohemians 1905, FC Zbrojovka, HC Slavia and others. We also support various cultural events and festivals such as Colors of Ostrava, Beats for Love, Kalich Theater or Shakespeare Festival in Ostrava.", "Link": "https://www.ha-vel.eu/cs/node/26"}
{"Company Name": "Hagleitner Hygiene Česko sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Sustainability and environmental protection. We protect the environment. We place great emphasis on environmental protection and sustainable management. Did you know, for example, that HAGLEITNER covers all its basic electricity consumption by the company headquarters with its photovoltaic system? Or that our high-concentration dosed cleaners contain no NTA, no EDTA, and no phosphates? green efficiency All dispensed products for kitchen and laundry hygiene do not contain NTA, EDTA and phosphates. Instead, we use harmless and environmentally friendly alternatives. Our packaging is designed in such a way that it can be transported in an environmentally friendly manner and does not take up much space during transportation. The highest concentration of active ingredient in kitchen hygiene and laundry hygiene keeps the water content low - so we save several tons of CO2 every year. Sustainable production During the construction of new assembly of dispensers we paid special attention to the sustainability of production. The process heat generated - more than 300 degrees Celsius - is used in winter to heat floors. The photovoltaic system on the roof of the production plant supplies the necessary electrical energy. To protect the surrounding water and soil, a chemical waterproof concrete bathtub is located in chemical production. Internationally awarded products For the ECO range of products , foamSOAP and foamSOAP PREMIUM hand soaps, as well as the integral CLEAN compact kitchen hygiene cleaner, we have been awarded the Austrian environmental symbol and the EU Ecolabel, the official environmental symbol of the European Union. Many of our paper products are awarded the FSC Seal for Sustainable Forestry or the EU Ecolabel - for example multiROLL paper towels, toilet paper and medCOVER medical rolls. If you are interested, we will send you an accurate overview of our product certifications E-mail .", "Link": "https://www.hagleitner.com/cz/podnik/udrzitelnost/"}
{"Company Name": "Halla as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HAMAGA as", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Hanjin Global Logistics Europe Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HAPPY HOUSE RENTALS sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HAVEX-auto sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HAVI Logistics Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "COMMITTED TO CUTTING CARBON EMISSIONS In May 2019, HAVI took another milestone step toward making our customers’ supply chains even more sustainable by signing up to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). As an SBTi member, we have formally committed to cutting carbon emissions from our operations by 40% per metric ton of goods delivered by 2030. This means HAVI’s sustainability efforts are in line with climate science, ensuring we make a measurable contribution to keeping the rise in global temperatures well below 2°C, as per the Paris Agreement. The scientific consensus is that the impact of global warming will get worse unless businesses like HAVI take concrete steps to cut carbon emissions. Of course, no single business can stop climate change. But working closely with our stakeholders, we’re confident that we’re helping to create a more sustainable planet. ACCELERATING OUR SUSTAINABILITY DRIVE STEPS WE'VE TAKEN SO FAR Our longstanding efforts to make supply chains greener include our alternative fuels partnership with Scania, more efficient route planning and delivering waste management solutions and recycling programs. Read more about the latest updates and developments below.", "Link": "https://www.havi.com/climate-change-action"}
{"Company Name": "HAWLE ARMATURY, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HB KRAKO Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility! It is logical that everyone has their desires and each country has its own specific rules. By attentively listening to customer needs, Munters Group provides quality products that fully meet the customer's environment and requirements. Munters pursues a policy of continuous product improvement and innovation. This ensures that our equipment meets the strictest quality requirements. At the Munters Group, the emphasis on the environment goes hand in hand with efficiency. Thanks to this amazing combination, our products are at a very high level. The Munters brand means: “High performance at the lowest possible operating cost and low emissions of CO 2 . All Munters products have consistent quality and performance that meets the highest standards. Only refrigerants that are CFC-free and environmentally friendly are used for refrigeration equipment. Munters Group is ISO and VCA certified and is a member of NVKL. This allows you to believe that we are real specialists in cooling and air conditioning. All associated installations must comply with the NVKL criteria where they stand for quality and professionalism. Therefore, we can proudly say that Munters Group delivers products that have the highest quality and performance.", "Link": "http://www.hbkrako.cz/spolecenska-odpovednost/?PHPSESSID=hpibh9o1j22t1be48toqkeqso6"}
{"Company Name": "HBH Projekt spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our responsibility We are aware the results our activities will be visible both in settlements and in the natural landscape for long-lasting dozens of years. We take this privilege serious and responsibly prepare ourselves for our role in the development of the greatest projects that are built within the present era. „On discussions with our partners we always defend reasonable, financially efficient, and elegant solutions. We make efforts that big transport structures would not be giant and costly monuments of their creators, but first of all useful servants of the public. By our activities we endeavour after the technical quality of the Czech transport infrastructure would come up to the highest European level and that such works would be established that would serve perfectly for many dozens of years and would document the top quality of our people and inspire future generations of civil engineers", "Link": "https://www.hbh.cz/en/our-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Heineken Czech Republic, as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our sustainability story Doing business all over the world comes with important responsibilities that extend beyond just running a profitable business. We strive to have a positive impact in the markets in which we operate and sustainability is embedded in our business strategy. Achieving real and lasting change is only possible through the collective efforts of everyone who works at HEINEKEN, our partners and suppliers, NGOs, governments, local communities and other stakeholders. Our sustainable development strategy, Brewing a Better World, includes 2020 targets across six key focus areas. We are determined to contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Our focus areas are linked with specific SDGs and their targets, ensuring that we make a meaningful and transparent contribution to the global goals to protect the planet, ensure prosperity and end poverty. We have defined new 2030 strategies for water and climate change and we are in the process of developing strategies and targets beyond 2020 for other focus areas. We strongly believe that by fully integrating sustainability into the way we do business, we are best placed to make a meaningful impact on the world around us JEAN-FRANÇOIS VAN BOXMEER, CHAIRMAN OF THE EXECUTIVE BOARD/CEO Measuring our progress As we progress towards our 2020 targets, we are on track to reach most of our commitments. We have more to do in certain areas, including water balancing, CO2 in distribution, accident prevention and regional sourcing in Africa.", "Link": "https://www.theheinekencompany.com/our-sustainability-story"}
{"Company Name": "HELUZ brick industry vos", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HENKEL CR, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Two degrees might not sound like much, but it makes a big difference to the future of our planet. To limit global warming to well below two degrees Celsius by 2050 – and meet the commitment made in the United Nations’ Paris Agreement on climate change – we need to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by around 80 to 90 percent by 2050. Achieving this ambitious target will only be possible if governments and companies embrace this challenge as an opportunity to drive innovation and explore visionary ideas. Transforming the way we live Of course, these emissions are driven by modern lifestyles. This means the greatest potential for positive change is in transforming the way we live. This could involve increasing energy efficiency and cutting the related emissions. It could also be achieved by decarbonizing our way of life and replacing traditional energy sources with renewable energy. Or it could even be made possible by turning carbon dioxide into a resource – by exploring innovative technologies that convert it into energy, breaking the cycle of greenhouse gas pollution. Committed to climate protection Henkel fully supports the commitment of the United Nations’ Paris Agreement on climate change. For this reason, we will follow the long-term vision of becoming climate-positive by 2040 and making an active and committed contribution to climate protection. This begins with a strong focus on our own production sites, where we aim to reduce our carbon footprint by 75 percent by 2030. We want to continually improve our energy efficiency while also drawing 100 percent of the electricity we use from renewable sources. From 2030 onward, we want to replace the last remaining fossil fuels used in our production with climate-neutral alternatives such as biogas or gas obtained from converting CO2. We also aim to supply surplus carbon-free energy that Henkel does not need for its own purposes to third parties. In doing so, we will avoid emissions from our own activities and also enable third parties to avoid potential emissions by using clean energy. Supplying others with this energy means that our operations will become climate-positive. The target of reducing the CO2 footprint of our sites by 75 percent by 2030 is in line with the Paris Climate Agreement, which aims to hold the increase in the global average temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and to pursue efforts to limit the temperature increase to 1.5 degrees Celcius above pre-industrial levels. We are committed to helping to reach this target. In this context, we joined the Science Based Target Initiative in February 2019. Alongside this, we’re sharing our commitment to becoming climate-positive with our partners and suppliers. We expect them to set efficiency targets that are as ambitious as our own – and contribute to the reduction of CO2 along the entire value chain. Innovating for our planet’s future Of course, we also seek opportunities while constantly developing innovative products and technologies that empower our customers and consumers to cut their carbon footprint. This is particularly important because our products are used millions of times in households and industrial processes every day – and lifecycle analysis shows that the majority of the carbon footprint associated with a product is generated when it is used. For this reason, we’ve set ourselves the target of helping our customers and consumers to save 50 million tons of CO2 when using our products by 2020. For more than 140 years, Henkel has been taking a visionary approach to supporting environmental and social progress. We recognize the potential impact we can have by developing sustainable innovations – because our products and technologies are used millions of times around the world every day. We’ve integrated environmental and social criteria into our innovation process so that every new product or formulation we launch contributes to sustainability. Alongside this focus on innovation, we’ve set ourselves ambitious targets as part of a comprehensive sustainability strategy. This provides a shared understanding of our direction of travel by building sustainability into the day-to-day work of our employees around the world. And it drives progress toward improved sustainability and business performance – because we believe these two aspects go hand-in-hand. Together with our partners, we’re advancing sustainability along the entire value chain. To truly understand, you have to truly attentively. That’s why companies are so keen to engage in dialogue with their stakeholders. An open approach to sharing opinions and exchanging insights is the key to understanding the expectations of different interest groups as they evolve over time. Whether through focus groups, surveys or participation in discussion platforms: Businesses gather insights into the concerns and priorities of their stakeholders – and reflect these insights in their day-to-day activities. Of course, it’s not just businesses who benefit from dialogue. Companies can also add value for their stakeholders by sharing information. For example, they can provide insights into how to use their products in the most environmentally responsible way possible. This can empower consumers to change their behavior – and because everybody is a consumer, this can have a significant potential impact on promoting a sustainable future for our planet. Everybody can make a difference For many consumer products, the majority of the related environmental footprint is generated during the use of the product. That’s why promoting responsible-minded behavior is so important. As a result, manufacturers, retailers and distributors are joining forces to develop platforms that inform consumers about sustainable products and encourage them to use products responsibly. Together with our retail partners we join forces to show consumers how they can cut their personal carbon footprint without sacrificing their quality of life. For instance, in 2017, Henkel and the German drugstore chain Rossmann focused in their campaign on a digital footprint calculator: Consumers answer a set of simple questions to calculate how much carbon is produced by what they eat, where they live or how they spend their free time. At the end, they see how their results compare to the national and international average.", "Link": "https://www.henkel.com/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Henniges Hranice, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HERLITZ, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "HESTIA - Center for Volunteering", "Number of employees": 6, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Heureka Group as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Hinton, Inc.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Hitachi Capital Polska CZ, branch office", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Creating value for our society We’re passionate about helping people realise their dreams and ambitions, as well as making a positive difference to our society and the communities in which we operate through our Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) activities. In 2018/19, we donated over £250,000 to charitable causes through match funding donations raised by our people, and we encourage all of our employees to support the causes most important to them through a paid volunteer day each year. Our policy is based on becoming a company that has a positive impact on our society aligned to the ambition of our parent company, Hitachi Capital Corporation. We realise this through our core values of “Harmony,” “Sincerity” and “Pioneering Spirit” adopted from the founding values of Hitachi Ltd. Community & Development We are committed to making a positive difference to society, community and the environment, whilst achieving sustainable growth. Our goal is to address sustainable issues and deliver change through both our business and charitable activities. Our charitable giving At Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC we encourage employees to maximise their potential and help others along the way. We have developed a comprehensive charity policy, forming partnerships with several national organisations that are addressing sustainability related issues including FareShare and The Wildlife Trusts. We also support smaller, charitable organisations in the regions where we have our offices to support local communities and last year donated over £250,000 to different causes. Working with young people We’re playing an active role in empowering the talent of tomorrow by establishing connections between education and the world of work. Through our Gamechangers Apprenticeship scheme we’re unlocking hidden pathways for students from diverse social backgrounds to pursue careers in financial services. We have also formed a partnership with Young Enterprise, the UK’s largest business, enterprise and financial education charity that works with young people by supporting them with the knowledge and confidence to succeed in their future career. Through this programme, we’ve supported 1,250 students to develop their financial literacy and understanding of key business skills. The Wildlife Trusts partnership video Our Chief Executive Officer, Robert Gordon discusses Hitachi Capital (UK) PLC's partnership with The Wildlife Trusts, outlining how our volunteers support their work to maintain 2,300 nature reserves across 98,000 hectares throughout the UK.", "Link": "https://www.hitachicapital.co.uk/about-us/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "CHEMCOMEX, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Channel Partners, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Chaos Czech a.s.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Chára Sport, a.s.", "Number of employees": 6, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Charita Česká republika", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "We provide social and health services to people in difficult situations or acute need. We make life easier for the disabled, terminally ill, homeless, victims of domestic violence and foreign nationals who live with us. We help in emergencies such as floods or fires. We strive for a fairer world by pushing for changes to the laws. We support sustainable development and improving the quality of life for people on Earth. We are the largest provider of social and health services in the Czech Republic Social services We help improve problematic situations for the elderly people, families with children, victims of domestic violence, the homeless, people in debt traps and many others who sometimes need advice, other times, a roof over their heads and a hot meal. Health services We are the largest non-state provider of health services in our country. In almost two hundred Caritas health facilities we employ close to 1,400 nurses who treat up to 40,000 patients a year. Integration of foreign nationals We offer assistance to foreign nationals in need or in a situation they cannot cope with by themselves. Often, this involves social security, health care, accommodation, and employment. Humanitarian activities We undertake these in the event of natural disasters such as floods or catastrophic fires, as one of the components of the Integrated Rescue System.", "Link": "https://www.charita.cz/en/how-we-help/home/"}
{"Company Name": "Cheil Germany GmbH, organizační složka", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Sharing Value Sharing Values by Cheil WorldWide, which designs the better world, is systematically planned through specialized frameworks. Sharing Values framework of Cheil WorldWide is formed based on principles of 'creation', 'collaboration', and 'consideration‘. This enables harmonious and balanced CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) activities by utilization of matrix structure. Creation Creating social values by utilizing company characteristics and employees’ talents Collaboration Maximizing synergy through cooperation of stakeholders from various classes Consideration To show sympathy and solicitude to socially-disadvantaged, through sincerity and persistency Building an environment-friendly culture To raise environmental awareness among employees, we are started with changing the work environment. We implemented in-house green campaigns such as the operation of the automatic turn-off system in the head office building, electronic payment, and use of scratch paper. We also collected and implemented eco-friendly ideas through i-pub, an in-house idea portal, gradually increasing the number of related ideas every year. Response to Climate Change Though greenhouse gas emissions are lower than in manufacturing due to the nature of advertising business, we are aggressively implementing measures to respond to climate change. We have completed the inventory construction for the collection of GHG emission data and voluntarily participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) DP to disclose details of Cheil Worldwide's climate change response activities to stakeholders. In recognition of these activities, we received the special award for Improvement in public score in 2014. Environmental Campaign Support In order to maximize the synergy of environmental management activities, Cheil Worldwide conducts eco-activities related to the characteristics of the business. Not only We are making campaigns to solve various environmental problems such as climate change and destruction of ecological environment but also We are continuously expanding the number of environmental campaign proposals. Respect in the diversity of employees and human rights protection As the global business area expands, we are hiring people without distinction as to their nationality, academic background, race, gender and age. We strive to create a working environment where all employees are treated equally and realize their full capability. In addition, Cheil Worldwide strongly supports the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Guiding Principles on Corporate and Human Rights (UN Framework and Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights) to respect the human rights of employees and to fulfill corporate social responsibilities. Specialized Talent Training Program Up to the 8th year of employment, an employee will take job courses that will maximize his or her creativity and innovation through the CIU basic course, while developing expertise in related tasks through the CIU Professional course (C2).The team leader / Dir (C3) step strengthens the ability to voluntarily create a new business through the CIU Creative Leader course. In addition, education in digital, Idea School, and the universal human resource development program CIU General Course course is operated. Evaluation and compensation Each year, we conduct a fair performance evaluation through team / individual goal setting workshops and interviews with each phase of progress. In addition, we are running a variety of personnel management systems based on performance evaluation, such as excellence based promotions, not seniority, and differentiated compensation. Welfare In order to improve the quality of life for our employees, Cheil Worldwide supports leisure activities such as in-house cafeterias and cafés, in-house club activities, recreational facilities and leisure activities and operates a variety of welfare programs. We also provide low-interest loans for home-based household loans and children's school tuition to ensure the livelihood of our employees while being interested in employee health management. Creative organization culture Cheil Worldwide implements ‘PiC+’, a free commute hour system, ‘Idea Vacation’, a long-term vacation system for employees' ideas and refreshment, ‘i-pub’, an online in-house communication space, ‘Hyu’, a psychology consultation center, 'AI Chaeil Children's House' childcare support for female employees to enhance the satisfaction and provide a creative working environment. In addition, the labor-management council ‘Sarang Sarang' is making a culture that relieves and cooperates by resolving grievances and delivering complaints to the company. Building Fair and Transparent Business Since 2007, Cheil Worldwide has been fairly conducting selection of partners and relevant operations through establishment of “Rules of Partner Company Management Task” and construction of “partners’ portal website”. In 2013, it has adopted “electronic contract system” and “online ordering system” to reinforce the transparent business relations with partners. Task Support on Partners We are supporting tasks of our partners by delivering expert knowledges based on cases from actual works, including subcontract act, copyright law, and portrait law, by annually holding “advertising work sharing\". Conduct of Persistent Communication Cheil Worldwide is operating a community board in “partners’ portal website” and frequently communicates with the partner companies through phone calls and e-mails, to hear the difficulties and opinions of the partner companies. We will keep conducting persistent commu0ication with our partners.", "Link": "https://www.cheil.com/us/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Chemoprojekt, a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CHEP", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Smarter, More Sustainable Supply Chains Zero Waste World Zero Waste World is an innovation program enabling retailers and consumer goods companies to create smarter, more sustainable supply chains. It brings together major manufacturers and retailers to find new ways to meet growing consumer demand while shrinking the impact of their operations. It aims to tackle three challenges: eliminating packaging and food waste, eradicating empty transport miles, and cutting out inefficiency. It leverages CHEP's unique position in the supply chain to help customers create more value and use fewer resources, together. For more information, please visit Brambles' Zero Waste World site. CHEP’s business model is inherently sustainable. By using our pooled assets and sustainability solutions, our customers’ supply chains become more efficient in terms of cost and use of natural resources. We help customers become part of the circular economy through our principles of share and reuse. The more our customers use our platforms, the greater the efficiencies. Just finding individual efficiencies is not enough for the challenge that we all face. We need a new collective mindset that starts from the principle of generating zero waste – then working together to see how to make that happen. In 2019, CHEP launched \"Zero Waste World\" an initiative to bring together many of the world’s major companies in a group effort to address the three main challenges facing our supply chain. Share and Reuse We replace disposable packaging with high quality, re-useable pallets and containers to eliminate waste and make your business more efficient. Collaboration projects Through a full analysis of your supply chains we identify areas where we can work together to address your specific logistical challenges and save you money. Best Practices & Credentials By partnering with CHEP you get access to our world-class supply chain professionals. Organizations from all across the globe have endorsed our sustainability expertise and the benefits it brings to our customers.", "Link": "https://www.chep.com/us/en/consumer-goods/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "CHILLI PEPPER a.s.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CHILLI PRODUCTION s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CHOCOLAND a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "CHRIST CAR WASH s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Chronicare Mund s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IBM Česká republika, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The new environment of business The need for organizations of all sizes to create sustainable business practices and manage resources at a macro level is here; it's real, and it's immediate. By gathering, synthesizing and applying information in new ways, organizations can help create wholesale shifts in entire industries and governments—making them more efficient, more intelligent, and more sustainable. We can help you create intelligent systems that optimize resources at the macro level (smart grids, water, traffic), providing actionable, time-relevant data to gain insights and inform forward-looking decisions. Automate, monitor and control two-way flow of energy from power plant to plug. Help prevent outages, restore outages faster, enable consumers to manage energy usage. Create transportation systems that optimize for traffic flow and decreased CO2 emissions. Use predictive analytics for better water management. Suggest corrective action. The competitive advantage created by this new way of thinking can be enormous; the impact to our planet is now. A holistic approach to energy management Environmental regulations, rising energy costs, expanding datacenters—these are a few of the challenges driving the need for energy efficient, sustainable infrastructures. Building a green infrastructure requires new focus, a holistic approach to your entire infrastructure, not just your IT equipment. Green infrastructures instrument, manage and optimize across many types of infrastructure—including green IT, data centers, facilities and building management systems—to help reduce costs, alleviate operational issues and prepare for the rapidly emerging regulatory environment. Effective energy management enables the maintaining of business service levels and starts with gaining visibility into energy usage data across the entire IT environment. IBM offers a practical approach to managing and optimizing energy beyond the data center, to include building infrastructure and other network connected property and assets. At IBM we build energy efficiency into our products, and we can help you with everything from data center strategy and assessments to data center design, build, consolidation and relocation. We recognize that a smart systems approach to processes and infrastructures can be a key to solving today's energy issues. We work with organizations worldwide to develop comprehensive green IT and business strategies, and provide services, systems and software to help build a green infrastructure. Improve energy use and facilities management Operations account for 71% of the total cost of a building over its lifespan, and buildings consume 42% of all electricity—more than any other asset. By 2025, buildings are projected to be the largest emitters of greenhouse gases on our planet. In the United States alone, buildings produce 38% of green-house gas emissions. So how can we make our buildings operate more efficiently? Our cognitive building solutions give real estate and facilities management professionals the tools necessary to better manage energy use, optimize space, reduce operating costs, and simplify real estate planning and management. Employing a cognitive buildings strategy can help your organization reduce energy use up to 50% and increase facilities utilization by up to 85%. In the U.S. alone, commercial real estate accounts for 12 billion square feet of covered area, but only 67% is utilized. In a world where employees are spending less time in the office and more time in alternative workplaces, a cognitive buildings strategy can also enhance employee productivity up to 18%. Cognitive buildings can flexibly adapt to changing occupant needs while saving energy and cost – isn’t it time you made your buildings more intelligent? Innovation that matters for the world The challenges have become clear: the need for clean water and air; affordable and reliable delivery of energy; the dwindling supply of fossil fuels; the reality of climate change and its implications for future generations. At IBM, our approach is twofold: we are working to make our existing products and processes more efficient for both the environment and for business, while also developing new innovations that can help the world become smarter, drive economic and operational improvements, increase accountability and lessen environmental impact. Today's energy—and climate—related issues are at the top of our strategic agenda. IBM solutions can help customers reduce costs and systemically minimize energy, water, carbon emissions and waste. IBM is helping customers to become more energy efficient, implement new ways to source, manufacture and distribute goods and services in a more sustainable manner, enable safe and renewable sources of energy and manage resources at a macro level, transforming entire industries. IBM takes a holistic approach to our planet's challenges that combines our innovative technology, deep business insight, and industry expertise. Together, we can enhance the sustainability of business-and our planet.", "Link": "https://www.ibm.com/ibm/green/sustainability_solutions.html"}
{"Company Name": "ICOM transport a.s.", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ICZ a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IDEAL AUTOMOTIVE Bor, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IFE-CR,a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The guiding principle of sustainable development underpins all our Corporate Responsibility activities. This responsibility not only applies to our products and how they are manufactured, but also to our employees, environmental protection and social commitment. As a global technology leader in braking and subsystems for rail and commercial vehicles, Knorr-Bremse has always looked to the future and played a major part in making transportation sustainable, safe and environmentally friendly. This entails a great degree of responsibility, which is why we have made Corporate Responsibility (CR) an integral part of our corporate culture and strategy. Corporate Responsibility Strategy and Management By managing our company sustainably, we assume responsibility towards our employees, customers and business partners as well as for the environment and society. Click here to find out about the CR strategy we have adopted to fulfill our voluntary commitment to sustainable business practices. Products and Partners For us, product responsibility means making transportation sustainable, safe and environmentally sound. To accomplish this, we integrate sustainability considerations into the development process, use environmentally friendly materials and develop technologies for sustainable transportation. Working together with our suppliers, we aim to optimize the value chain and live up to our social and ecological responsibilities. Read about where our focus lies here. Employees and Leadership We strive to offer our 28,000 employees worldwide an attractive working environment. Because qualified, healthy, happy employees are a cornerstone of our commercial success. Find out here how we encourage and empower our employees to achieve their professional goals and how we ensure a safe and healthy working environment through our occupational safety policy. Environment and Climate Knorr-Bremse is committed to protecting the environment and the climate in all its activities. We use resources responsibly, we systematically reduce CO2 emissions and we avoid or minimize undesirable impacts on the environment. Read here how we live up to our environmental responsibility . Commitment and Society Knorr-Bremse is committed to social and community causes. We make it our business to participate in local life at our various locations, to be a positive influence on the social environment and to help shape it for the better. Click here to find out how we live up to our responsibility as a good Corporate Citizen. Communication and Cooperation Knorr-Bremse endeavors to maintain an open and constructive dialog with its various stakeholders and to inform them regularly and transparently about its performance in the area of sustainability. Our CR reports and additional documentation can be found here.", "Link": "https://www.knorr-bremse.com/en/responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "IKEA Purchasing Services (Czech Republic) spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable everyday How sustainable is IKEA? Well with home solar, veggie hot dogs and kitchen fronts made of recycled plastic bottles, we want to inspire change. Because, as Ingvar Kamprad said: ‘No method is more effective than the good example. Wood – a material with many qualities Wood is the material most commonly associated with IKEA furniture, and for good reasons. As part of our Scandinavian design heritage, we love working with wood because it's an excellent material from a design, quality and environmental perspective, provided that it comes from responsibly managed forests. Wood is also durable, renewable, recyclable – and beautiful. An early morning in a pine forest, moss covering the ground and sunlight shining through the trees. Only sustainable wood Because wood is so important to IKEA, we work together with FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) to take care of the world’s forests. Through responsible forest management, we make sure we have forests for all, forever. By the end of 2020, we aim for all our wood to come from more sustainable sources including FSC certified and recycled wood. Today we have reached more than 91% of our goal. The number 100% with a wood texture. Since 2017, 100% of the wood we source from countries with a history of challenges related to forest management comes from more sustainable sources. “We’re promoting responsible forestry methods. We do this to influence the industry and also to contribute to the important work of ending deforestation.” – Mikhail Tarasov, Global Forestry Manager, IKEA of Sweden. A light brown MÖRBYLÅNGA wooden table with natural oak grain and colour variations, matched with dark modern chairs. MÖRBYLÅNGA Table£399 Combining wood types Oak is a strong hardwood that darkens beautifully with age. MÖRBYLÅNGA table top has a three-millimetre top layer of solid oak applied on particleboard – a resource-efficient way of using different wood materials in the same piece of furniture. The durable solid oak top layer makes every table unique, each with its own grain pattern and natural colour variations. Apart from the benefits in the kitchen, the thin layer technique requires less raw material than a solid worktop. Plus it weighs 20% less than solid wood, so reduces emissions in transportations, and is easier to carry and handle. A white sofa with pillows and a square outdoor table made from brown acacia wood with decorations on top. ÄPPLARÖ Table, outdoor£115 Durable wood furniture for your garden Acacia is a durable and rot-resistant wood that works great for outdoor furniture, like our ÄPPLARÖ series. All acacia we use comes from FSC certified plantations. Together with our suppliers, smallholder farmers and partners like WWF, IKEA ensures that acacia is grown in a way that is better for the environment and the local communities. Did you know? IKEA sources wood from over 50 different countries Poland, Russia and Sweden are our top three sourcing countries The most common IKEA wood types are pine, birch, beech and acacia A carpenter wearing ear protection, has piles of wooden boards around him while sawing wood with a machine in a factory. Using wood wisely Making more from less is part of the IKEA culture, and we always use resources efficiently. Every piece of wood is cut and shaped so that waste is minimised in production, while maintaining quality and durability. We constantly look for new and smarter ways to design and build our furniture to make sure our customers get the best possible product with the least impact on our planet. Find more infomation about how IKEA works with wood globally . Cotton grown with care – your choice matters Cotton is one of our most important materials. You’ll find it in many products, from sofas and cushions to bed sheets and mattresses. When caring for your loved ones by using more sustainable cotton products, you're contributing to a cleaner world for the next generation. Together, we can make a difference! 100% committed to sustainable cotton Since 1st September 2015, all cotton used for IKEA products comes from more sustainable sources. All IKEA cotton is either recycled or grown with less water and pesticides, while increasing profits for the cotton farmers. Choosing sustainable cotton means you’re teaming up with us to create a better quality of life for the farmers’ families, from increased access to clean water to schooling for their children. Leading a constant change for cotton Over a decade ago, IKEA, WWF and other partners, established the Better Cotton Initiative (BCI), an organisation aiming to make cotton from more sustainable sources a mainstream practice – affordable and accessible to all. Refined cotton that’s responsibly grown and affordable At IKEA, you don’t have to compromise on price, quality, function, design or sustainability when decorating your home. Vintage designs from the 18th century inspire the classic, yet fresh flower pattern of PRAKTBRÄCKA quilt cover. The extra durable fabric is made from densely woven, fine 100% cotton percale yarn and feels crisp and cool against the skin.Sweeter dreams with cotton grown with care Treat yourself to soft cotton grown with care. JUNIMAGNOLIA bed linen is woven from pure cotton that breathes, absorbs moisture and becomes softer with every wash. All the cotton in our products comes from more sustainable sources, meaning it’s either recycled or grown with respect for people and the environment. We work to make responsibly sourced cotton mainstream Conventional cotton farming uses large amounts of chemicals and water. This leads to significant health risks to farmers while damaging the environment. At IKEA, we take action to be part of the solution, not the problem. Together with WWF and other partners, we are committed to creating a positive change throughout the entire cotton industry – more sustainable cotton needs to become a mainstream material beyond our business. A group of cotton farmers are sitting beside a cotton field talking and examining cotton fibres. Water management is key for a better cotton production Our work focuses on water, providing farmers with training on better water management practices, helping areas that are subject to erosion and water scarcity. This means farmers grow cotton with less water so that more water can be diverted to other uses. We are also expanding the scope of our cotton initiatives to include biodiversity and soil management. Only recycled or renewable based plastic in IKEA products by 2030 Plastic is everywhere for many reasons. It’s a strong, durable, lightweight, and versatile – yet low cost – material. But when plastic is not disposed of responsibly, the environmental implications become concerning. IKEA is committed to making a positive impact on people and the planet. Our ambition is that by 2030, all plastic used in our products will be based on renewable or recycled material. We’ve already started our journey towards this goal with a plan to replace single-use plastic in our range and by using different kinds of sustainable plastic in an increasing number of products. IKEA food containers, cups, straws and cutlery made from 100% renewable materials. Phasing out single-use plastic Single-use plastic items pollute ecosystems if not disposed of responsibly. As part of our commitment to people and the planet, we will phase out all single-use plastic products from the global home furnishing range by 2020. This includes items such as plates, cups and plastic straws. Single-use plastic articles offered in our restaurants, bistros, and cafes will be replaced by more sustainable disposables. Meet our new disposables A close-up of white and transparent PLA plastic pellets, made from renewable based materials. A recyclable plastic to feel good about We want to make more sustainable plastic products our customers can enjoy and love. Made from renewable sources like corn, sugar beet and sugar cane instead of virgin fossil based, PLA is an example of a plastic which makes this possible. A plastic that’s perfect for children’s products PLA plastic products are both durable and safe, just like all IKEA plastic products, but PLA leaves a smaller environmental footprint. PLA can be used for lots of different things, including products for children and food contact – product categories with tough safety demands. HEROISK and TALRIKA are our first product series made entirely from PLA plastic. They’re both microwave and dishwasher safe and can be recycled. “Plastic is a durable, good value material that can be used in many different applications. We need to make sure the plastic we use comes from either renewable or recycled sources.” Alexander Grouleff, Project Leader Recycled and Renewable Plastic Products, IKEA of Sweden Recycled plastic can be used in different ways We want to become circular in all aspects. Finding new ways to work with recycled materials is key, and using waste as a resource takes us one step closer to a more sustainable future. PET is the most recycled plastic in the world and can be used for many different purposes. As we add products made from recycled and renewable materials to our offer, we hope to inspire other companies to do the same – we’re all in this together! Together, we can do more Our journey towards only using recycled or renewable based plastic will take some time and require new ways of doing things, but we are determined to take responsibility and find new solutions. We want to give our customers the possibility to choose products made from more sustainable materials that can be recycled again one day. Together, we can make a big difference! Facts about plastic at IKEA By 2030 we will only use renewable and or recycled materials in our plastic products By 2020 we will phase out single-use plastic 85% of the plastic in ISTAD bags is made from renewable material from the sugar cane industry PLA (polylactic acid) plastic is made from renewable sources like corn, sugar beet and sugar cane We want all our rugs to be made from sustainable wool IKEA wants to have a positive impact on people, animals and the planet, that’s why we’re on a journey to transform all the wool we use in our products to 100% Responsibly Sourced Wool. We will do this by sourcing wool which follows the ‘Responsible Wool Standard’ (RWS) guideline, meaning that the wool only comes from sheep that are treated with respect, and the land where they eat and rest is managed responsibly. “Wool is a fantastic material, it’s sustainable, it’s also renewable and it provides different properties to our products.” To ensure that the wool we use is sourced in a responsible way, we need to work to secure full traceability of the wool used in our supply chain. That means we will know where all our wool comes from, and we can support positive animal welfare conditions for the sheep. Reasons to choose wool Wool is renewable, biodegradable and recyclable Wool is a natural, durable and strong material Wool ages beautifully and is more resistant to stains Wool is highly thermal and breathable Wool dyes easily, so we can create many beautiful and varied design styles for you to choose from “Wool is an awesome product because the sheep produce it naturally, and it’s the ultimate sustainability because they just keep growing it.” Making Responsibly Sourced Wool available for everyone We are committed to transforming all our wool to 100% Responsibly Sourced Wool by 2025. But that’s not enough. Rafael Elizondo, Category Manager for Textile Carpets at IKEA says “We want others to join us and help us transform the wool industry together. Ultimately, what we’re after is to make responsibly sourced wool affordable, for as many customers as possible.” Respect – in every step Once the wool has travelled from New Zealand to India, it’s combed, spun into yarn, dyed and transformed into beautiful, handwoven rugs by skilled artisans. These steps follow strict processes that respect both the workers and the environment. Trust for natural materials We know that our customers prefer to have natural materials in their homes and close to their skin. Being a durable, natural and strong material, wool is perfect for rugs. TRANGET is one of many rugs in our range that are made from 100% wool and hand-woven by skilled artisans, which means each one is unique. They are made in India in organized weaving centers with good working conditions and fair wages. Being renewable and recyclable,­ wool plays an important role on our shift towards more sustainable materials. See how the wool from sheep in New Zealand travels to India to be transformed into beautiful, handwoven carpets, before ending up in your IKEA store – and maybe in your home. “Every time I visit our partners in India, I get very inspired. I see how much focus we put on sustainability, on the quality, and also the social aspect.”", "Link": "https://www.ikea.com/gb/en/this-is-ikea/sustainable-everyday/"}
{"Company Name": "IMOBA", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "INDEX NOSLUŠ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ingersoll Rand Technologies s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Fundamentally, we excel where global megatrends and sustainability intersect with our innovation and capabilities. Today, 15% of the world’s carbon emissions (CO2e) come from heating and cooling buildings, and another 8% comes from global food loss. And these numbers are growing. We are continually innovating to bend the curve on global warming. By 2030, we will reduce our customer’s carbon emissions (CO2e) by 1 gigaton by changing the way the world heats and cools buildings and moves refrigerated food, medicines and other perishables.” — Michael W. Lamach, chairman and chief executive officer Urgent global issues demand visionary leadership. Here are three ways we’re making the right changes. The Gigaton Challenge We’re reducing one gigaton of carbon emissions (CO2e) from our customers’ footprint by 2030. Join us How We'll Do It We’re scaling technology, innovation and sustainability strategies, and rethinking our supply chain to achieve carbon neutral operations. Leading by Example We’re reworking and converting our supply chain and operations to have a restorative impact on the environment. See our 2030 commitments How We'll Do It Our pledge is to achieve carbon neutral operations, deliver zero waste to landfills, become net positive with water use, and reach 10 percent absolute reduction in energy consumption. Our Progress 38% total reduction in water use in water-stressed regions between 2013 and 2018 23% total operational energy efficiency increase over the past five years Opportunity for All We’re focusing on our workforce and communities by strengthening economic mobility and bolstering quality of life. How We'll Do It Among many initiatives, we’ll achieve enhanced workforce diversity reflective of our communities, seek gender parity in leadership roles, and provide wellness offerings for our global employee population. We’re investing in the long-term well-being and development of our associates and communities. That includes new programs focusing on employee gender parity, diversity, and philanthropic giving. We’re decarbonizing our value chain, from how we source raw materials to a product’s end of life. Since 2015, we have refreshed over 20 percent of our product portfolio to feature sustainable design. Our commitment to sustainability comes from the top of the organization. Our board of directors and councils have integrated climate risk and other sustainability issues into the top issues that we seek to address as a business.", "Link": "https://www.tranetechnologies.com/content/dam/cs-corporate/pdf/sustainability/annual/Ingersoll-Rand-2009-Sustainability_Supplement.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "innogy Česká republika a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "innogy is part of this world Not only do our actions and operations have an impact on our success as a company, they also have consequences for people and the environment. At innogy, we are working towards making the world a better place through our actions. The demands on companies have never been as high, just as global challenges have never been so urgent. We take responsibility – for society, the environment, the climate and our employees. Our planet will be a better place when we create a sustainable world in which innogy inspires how people live and work.” As our brand belief states, we at innogy want to help in creating a sustainable world. We are helping to address the challenges of today and tomorrow by ensuring that our activities and value chain are sustainable and responsible. Our contribution towards sustainable development Achieving goals together: We support the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) of the United Nations. We want to make a substantial contribution towards global sustainable development with our actions and operations. Our key goals SDG 7 – Affordable and clean energy Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable and modern energy for all SDG 9 – Industry, innovation and infrastructure Build a resilient infrastructure, promote inclusive and sustainable industrialisation and foster innovation SDG 13 – Climate action Take immediate action to combat climate change and its impacts We prioritise sustainable success, which is why our corporate activity is characterised by integrity and compliance with the law. We have clear-cut duties for sustainability and continuously work on integrating environmental and social aspects into our processes. We have distinct principles that provide the framework for our business and social activities. These are set out in our Code of Conduct, which applies to all employees of our Group. It requires that we comply with laws and regulations, observe human rights and ensure free, transparent and fair competition. It takes a clear stand against any kind of discrimination, corruption and other unfair and unlawful practice. Sustainability is at the heart of our company: we integrate environmental and social considerations into our daily operations. The Executive Board of innogy SE is responsible for continuous development and further integration. The importance of sustainability is demonstrated by anchoring various aspects in the Executive Board’s remuneration. Below the Executive Board, the Corporate Responsibility department coordinates various sustainability activities in the Group in close collaboration with other departments. innogy is open to criticism and constructive dialogue: our compliance management system ensures that the risk of our Code of Conduct being violated is kept as low as possible. In daily operations, this is assured by organisational standards, such as the dual control principle, authorisation schemes and concepts, compliance with regulations and separation of duties. Compliance requirements are also considered in decisions concerning the establishment of relationships with business partners and suppliers. Therefore, we aspire to integrate innogy’s principles from the Code of Conduct into contractual relationships. In cases of a violation, employees can contact superiors or responsible compliance officers. There are further contact partners for external people. The specialist departments can also be contacted at any time. Global tax policy For us, paying statutory taxes is not just about complying with the law, we see our tax payments as a fair contribution towards financing and developing communities in all countries where we enjoy success as a company. We also see making our fiscal conduct as transparent as possible and disclosing it to the extent required by law as part of our social responsibility. We are taking a stand because we believe that companies have a responsibility to be a force for good. That is why we get involved in social and political issues and discussions and support our employees in voluntary work. innogy is taking action all over the world– from the United States to Australia. We consider upholding human rights our responsibility, both within our company and in our supply chain. Our Code of Conduct and our human rights declaration form a sturdy basis for consistently reviewing our due diligence obligations and related processes and regulations, and improving them as needed. We regularly report on the measures we take. We strive to engage in dialogue and are keen to discuss the topics that are important to us. Be it with non-governmental organisations, citizens, policy-makers, customers or other interested parties, constructive dialogue provides us with important assessments and ideas to further enhance our action. When we carry out our activities, we act on the basis of clear regulations – independent of any political party and with integrity. innogy operates in many parts of Europe. Wherever we are located in Europe, we see ourselves as part of society and want to contribute to the community. We want to be a reliable energy provider for our customers and also play an active role. That is why we help thousands of our employees to carry out social projects every year through the Companius initiative. Our company foundation, the innogy Foundation for Energy and Society, also supports projects at the interface between energy, education, culture and social innovation.", "Link": "https://iam.innogy.com/en/about-innogy/innogy-at-a-glance/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Innova Healthcare a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Inotel CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Inter Cars Česká Republika s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Internet Projekt, a.s.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Interplex Precision Engineering Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We are fully aware of our responsibilities to our esteemed staff, valued customers, the wider public, and the environment around us. We are dedicated to adhering to best practices and industry standards, in order to manage our environmental footprint while delivering the high-quality solutions our customers need. Ethics & Governance At Interplex we are committed to conducting business ethically, with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. Our commitment not only protects our company but also enables us to fulfill our obligations to our stakeholders and to earn their continued trust and confidence. Code of Business Conduct Supplier Code of Conduct Environment As a responsible solutions provider, we care about the impact our operations have on the environment and communities around us. We constantly strive for a sustainable future, and are committed to protect our people and the ecosystem we live in. Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) excellence is fundamental to who we are; we hold ourselves to the same high expectations and standards in the locations we operate in globally. Our dedication to EHS excellence is what our leaders expect and our customers demand — exemplified by the policies, standards, procedures and audit protocols we have in place. Environmental Policy Energy Management Policy Environment, Health & Safety People Matters We are committed to living our credo, a guiding belief that people matter to us; from our employees to customers, business partners and the communities around us. These core guiding beliefs are the cornerstone of the way we conduct business every day, everywhere. Human Rights & Labor Relations Diversity & Inclusion Quality Interplex believes Quality = Customer Trust = Business, striving to delight our valued customers with outstanding quality in everything we do. We advocate a “Total Quality” mindset, fostering design and build quality into our processes. By holistically developing our people, they embody our quality culture of “Zero Defects” with an emphasis on prevention. We are constantly seeking out opportunities to improve our products and services. This entails utilizing the Interplex Business System (IBS) to build a strong, process-orientated business system, and strengthening our NPI process by fully adopting the Interplex APQP system. Standards & Certifications", "Link": "https://interplex.com/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "INTERSPORT", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "INTERSPORT RESPONSIBILITY Responsibility is an important word for us at INTERSPORT. We recognize that the long-term success of our business is intrinsically linked to our protecting the rights of people, animals and the environment. We understand that the world is facing challenges in these areas. The Sustainable Development Goals adopted in September 2015 represent a call to action to governments and economic agents like INTERSPORT and should be used as a blueprint for a better future. The IIC-INTERSPORT International Corp. full sustainability report can be accessed here. PEOPLE Our teams: Our teams are our biggest asset. We take great pride in our teams and the culture we have cultivated within our company. Sports are not just a part of our job; they are part of our lives, and we live the sporting values of team-spirit, respect, partnership, professionalism, and excellence in all that we do. We offer employees a great work-life balance. We view cultural diversity as a strength. PEOPLE IN OUR SUPPLY CHAIN When examining international production orders, we take into account not only quality, but also the social and working standards of the factories producing our products. This is a particularly important issue with respect to production plants in developing and so-called ‘risk countries.’ AMFORI BSCI INTERSPORT is an active member of amfori BSCI and engages with suppliers and producers in improving working standards within the supply chain. The amfori BSCI Code of Conduct is an integral part of the commercial agreement INTERSPORT has with all business partners. The amfori BSCI Code of Conduct is based on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Children’s Rights and Business Principles, UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, OECD Guidelines, and UN Global Compact and International Labour Organization (ILO) Conventions and recommendations relevant to improving working conditions in supply chains. For more information, visit the amfori BSCI website. HEALTH AND FITNESS Health and fitness is the heart of our business. Promoting a healthy and active lifestyle is our philosophy, and we wholeheartedly believe that a passion for sports is not something reserved for the privileged few, but something for everyone. We bring Sport to the People. PLANET We are committed to improving the environmental performance of our supply chain, which is why INTERSPORT, along with other industry partners, has joined the amfori BEPI program. Amfori BEPI provides us with monitoring tools that target 11 environmental performance areas. For more information, visit the amfori BEPI website.", "Link": "https://www.intersport.com/about/our-responsibilities/"}
{"Company Name": "INVENT HR Consulting, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "iprojekt info s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IPSOS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "The concept of “sustainability” is here to stay: the 2019 Davos agenda was dominated by it; governments and populations are awakening to the multitude of crises created by overpopulation, overconsumption, and the unequal distribution of wealth; and brands are becoming less shy about engaging with social and political issues. Where businesses are on the spectrum of sustainability activities, with “do no harm” at one end, and “social value creation” at the other, depends on the pressures they face: supply chains threatened by resource depletion, geopolitics, and regulation; stakeholders demanding that business practices reflect their social values; and consumer behavior increasingly mission-driven. The private sector is being challenged to address problems head-on, find solutions that offer real impact, and to prove and articulate these impacts both internally and externally to their stakeholders and consumers. However, to create both social and business impact is not a straightforward challenge. This paper shares what Ipsos knows about how businesses need to think about impact – or return on investment (ROI) - in the context of sustainability: how they can make investments with the greatest potential impact, monitor them to ensure impact is achieved, and communicate that impact to bring their key audiences along on the sustainability journey.", "Link": "https://www.ipsos.com/en/corporate-sustainability-creating-and-measuring-impact"}
{"Company Name": "IQ-MED a.s.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ISG Personalmanagement s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ITjobs, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ITW PRONOVIA, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Iveco Czech Republic, a. s.", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability As a part of CNH Industrial Group, IVECO is committed to Sustainability, which is an integral part of the Group’s approach to business. IVECO acts responsibly to foster its economic, social and environmental impact through all of its activities as well as with stakeholders. Starting from senior management and extending to all employees, IVECO is actively involved in this process of continual sustainable development. Commitment is demonstrated through the various areas of responsibility from the promotion of increasingly sustainable mobility to the reduction of environmental impacts caused by production processes; from the management and development of human resources to quality of life in the workplace; from initiatives involving the sales network to those benefitting local communities. Progress towards the achievement of these objectives is constantly measured and observed through the use of specific performance indicators.Environment Satisfying the growing demand for mobility, while reducing the environmental and social impact of vehicles throughout their life cycle, is a key strategy for IVECO. To meet this objective, the company’s research activities are focused on the development of innovative solutions to reduce pollution, noise emissions, traffic congestion and accidents, while increasing product recyclability. Environmental protection, product development processes and production is for IVECO an integral part of its business: this is done through the efficient use of natural resources, with particular attention to the rational use of water and energy resources, the minimization of the production of waste and their efficient management. In order to develop processes and products with a lower environmental impact, IVECO invests significant resources in research, development and innovation, which is crucial to foster sustainable growth. Sustainable mobility that respects the environment, society and local communities, is based on several main components, which IVECO is committed to finding the best technological solutions for, in order to be adopted during the phases of development and production. Among these components, are the commitment to reduce fuel consumption and emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2), a greenhouse gas; to reduce pollutant emissions, such as nitrogen oxide (NOx) and non-methane hydrocarbons (NMHC), which are among the main causes of the deterioration of urban air quality; to reduce noise pollution; to improve road safety and to promote proper waste-management.", "Link": "https://www.iveco.com/corporate-en/company/pages/sustainability.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "IC HOTELS a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Our culture of responsible business Underpinning our purpose, strategy, reputation and our ability to deliver long-term superior shareholder returns, is our clear commitment to responsible business. We focus on three areas: the culture we create; our hotels, guests and third-party relationships; and our local communities. We are on a journey to continuously improve the ways we work, to minimise our impacts and to be a force for positive change around the world. Building on the progress we've made in recent years, we have set targets to deliver on these ambitions.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ICE Industrial Services a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IDC Central Europe, the Middle East & Africa", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ifm electronic, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "igepa velkoobchod papírem spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ignis Club Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IGNUM, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ILD cz. sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "The company ILD has been involved in the construction of mechanical and technological devices and units in various industries since 1990. We have our main plants in Kladno, Košice and Kiev. We offer a wide range of services – engineering and design work, production, supply provision, assembly or principal assembly of supplied devices as well as warranty and post-warranty service. During our existence we have implemented a lot of projects, not only in the Czech Republic and Slovakia, but also in a lot of countries around the world. Over the years, our activities have shifted from the de-dusting of various operations through the separation of a wide range of pollutants emitted into the air to the provision of general supplies of large investment units. In all implementations, we put great emphasis on using the best available technologies with maximum efficiency and optimization of the operating costs. We consider responsible environmental behaviour as one of the cornerstones of our business activity.", "Link": "https://www.ild.cz/en/about-us/"}
{"Company Name": "Imaginox as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IMCoPharma as", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IMI International Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Here at IMI, we have been managing our business not only for profit but also keeping in mind the impact— ours and our business’—on society as a whole. Our commitment to embark on sustainability programs that continuously create shared value, such as going beyond the usual corporate social responsibility projects, remains. We always make sure we marry profit with purpose. To do so, we focus on both economic and social benefits that create value for the communities and other IMI stakeholders. We have a good number of shared value initiatives, making sure that our business remains innovative, at scale, and profitable while at the same time addressing a social or environmental issue. These include safety electronics in cars, automotive camera, and airbag control to help prevent road accidents, pollution reduction systems to help care for our environment, theft prevention systems for homes and buildings, and medical diagnostic devices. Our business is anchored on good governance while ensuring transparency and compliance with existing national, international, and environmental laws. We thrive in our culturally diverse workforce of approximately 14,000 around the globe (with 5,000 Filipinos), while trying to instill our corporate core values of integrity, customer focus, concern for others, and excellence across all sites via our strong values integration program. Beyond Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) IMI’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) policy deliberately strives to improve aspects of social conditions not just in the communities around us but in other parts of the country as well where our assistance will be needed. The company has stepped up its CSR through its Environment, Health, and Safety Program and green manufacturing technologies.", "Link": "https://www.global-imi.com/governance/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "IMPACT INDUSTRY BRNO, as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "IMPROMAT-COMPUTER sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JIP for companies Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "J&T BANKA", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "James Cook Languages", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JEDNOTA, spotrebni druzstvo Ceske Budejovice", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JIP východoceska, as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jiri Vesely, DiS.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JOB LEADER CZECH sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jobs Contact Consulting, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "The recruitment agency Jobs Contact Consulting, s.r.o. is built up on four crucial values:Partnership = respect Professionalism = quality and expertise Innovation = flexibility and speed Fairness = openness and confidence We are aware of the fact that these days it is humankind that represents one of the most valuable issues of the world. The business of a recruitment agency is solely based on people, their abilities and skills. We perceive our clients, candidates as well as consultants as partners. Our aim is to create a long-term cooperation based on correctness and mutual respect.We pay a careful attention to the expertise and quality of our work. Our team is created only by people who feel like learning new things and they consider lifelong learning and improvement on their skills and abilities to be a pleasure/commonplace/necessity. To maintain the quality, all the candidates participate in the internal educational system accompanied by the external courses as well. Our consultants are not only experts on recruitment but they also have long-standing experience in other specialisations such as ICT, development, electro, production, finance and economics or trade and marketing. We also leave space for graduates who are about to form their future carrier. Those people always work under more experienced and qualified colleagues and are continuously educated in the field they decided to participate in.We consider the development of our company of high importance (for our clients). We are ready for the innovation of our services progressively according to our clients´ current needs in the first place. Secondly, we also adopt our services quickly and effectively to the labour market. Finally, we always consider a possibility of necessity to improve certain thing, process or operation.Our clients (the companies and job seekers) are those who make the final decision about all the aspects of our cooperation and how it will look like. When we come across a problem, we communicate openly and with confidence with the other participants because we believe that together we can solve it better and quicker.We hold the same attitude to multinational companies and to those who are starting a new business. Every client is important to us. We believe that fair behaviour leads to clients´ satisfaction and satisfied clients will come back or recommend our agency further.We really care that everybody makes a profit from our actions - companies, job seekers, agency employees and owners as well.", "Link": "http://jobscontact.cz/en/o-nas/"}
{"Company Name": "JOBSTART sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Johnson & Johnson", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Johnson Controls Building Solutions, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability We believe that the key to being successful is to do responsibly everything we do. We act to create a better world through the solutions we offer, our involvement in socially beneficial activities, the way we do business, and, last but not least, our commitment to protecting people and the environment.", "Link": "https://www.johnsoncontrols.com/cs_cz/our-company"}
{"Company Name": "JOKEY PRAHA CZ, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jungheinrich (ČR) s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility As the world's leading logistics company, we are responsible for our activities - economically , ecologically and socially . With our understanding of sustainability, every day we fulfill the word \"responsibility\" with life.A SOLID BASIS FOR VALUES Family company As a family business, sustainable development is a matter of course for us . We build our success on the entrepreneurial spirit and innovative strength of our highly qualified staff. Value -oriented behavior is an important advantage of Jungheinrich .Responsibility for the environment As a leader in in-house logistics, we take responsibility for the environmental impact of our business and our products. Through comprehensive measures, we realize sustainable development ideas from product development to recycling.", "Link": "https://www.jungheinrich.cz/o-nas/odpovednost-firmy"}
{"Company Name": "J. A. CLEAN spol. s r. o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JABLOTRON SECURITY a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our values We make and fulfil dreams. Dreams about mutual utility and of being beneficial to the world. These are dreams which change good ideas into attractive products and services. We follow simple, yet firm principles laid down by the founder Dalibor Dědek.We believe in corporate responsibility. We’ve supplied equipment for a hospital in Jablonec and bought mountain meadows to save them from being turned into urbanised areas.Being fair is the fundamental key to satisfaction That’s why we have been supporting the Endowment fund against corruption since 2012.It is wise to stay humble even as an owner or manager of a successful company. Dalibor Dědek still lives in the Jizera Mountains, does cross-country skiing and his favourite food is potato dumplings with poppy seeds.Every successful product has a piece of its creator’s soul. We provide confidence in our products by providing extended service support after the warranty expires.The best motivation for our employees and partners is their successful self-realization. That’s one of the reasons more than half of Jablotron’s employees have been with us for more than 10 years.We create complex products that are surprisingly easy to use. That’s why our flag-ship, the JABLOTRON 100+ alarm, can be operated even by children.", "Link": "https://www.jablotron.com/en/about-jablotron/#jablotron-in-numbers"}
{"Company Name": "JACER - CZ, a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABILITY Forests do not grow in a day. As previous generations have done before us, we nurture our forests so that future generations can reap the rewards too. We also make sure that we make full use of the residual material from wood processing.", "Link": "http://jacer.cz/en/about-us/"}
{"Company Name": "JACOBS DOUWE EGBERTS CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jacobs Vehicle Systems Europe, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "Jacobs Vehicle Systems is an ISO TS14001 and IATF 16949 certified facility and strives to be a responsible steward of our environment and community. We are committed to improving our ecological impact by actively pursuing ways to protect and sustain our environment. Efforts to reduce energy consumption are ongoing, and the team has seen a 27% energy reduction in the last three years. Jacobs also recycles over 60% of its solid waste and over 95% of all waste materials.", "Link": "https://www.jacobsvehiclesystems.com/europe/about-jacobs-europe"}
{"Company Name": "JAF HOLZ spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our philosophy at JAF would never allow for the attitude “can’t do it, haven’t got it”. Our basis is well-trained and motivated employees. A dense branch network, an enormous variety of products and a constant stock of 20,000 articles enable us to deliver your goods promptly. With 98 trucks of our own and numerous forwarding vehicles, we guarantee high performance logistics and thus ensure the greatest possible flexibility for our customers. JAF is one of the leading European suppliers of wood and wooden materials. And not for nothing, because we set high quality standards not just for our products, but also for our customer service. You will not just receive your goods from us – our “all-round satisfaction package” definitely includes more: not just sales conversations, but advice from experts, exemplary logistics and warehousing, additional services from cutting to size and edging through to furniture components, and much more. Because we are not satisfied until you are.", "Link": "https://www.jaf-group.com/en/company"}
{"Company Name": "Jan Becher - Karlovarská becherovka, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Janáčkova akademie múzických umění v Brně", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JANČA & EMAS group s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JAP FUTURE s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JAWA Moto spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JetBrains s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We help developers work faster by automating common, repetitive tasks to enable them to stay focused on code design and the big picture. We provide tools to explore and familiarize with code bases faster. Our products make it easy for you to take care of quality during all stages of development and spend less time on maintenance tasks.", "Link": "https://www.jetbrains.com/company/"}
{"Company Name": "JHV - ENGINEERING s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jifeng Automotive Interior CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": "/", "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jihočeská univerzita v Českých Budějovicích", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JihoTech, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jindřich Valenta - Concept", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JIPA International s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jiří Vaněk - strojírenská firma", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jiří Vrbas", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jobbees CS Recruitment s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JOBPOINT Partners, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jobs Group, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "John Crane a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Our core values―respect, ownership, integrity, customer focus and passion―guide our actions and behavior every day.", "Link": "https://www.johncrane.com/about/about-us"}
{"Company Name": "JONES LANG LASALLE, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We’re focused on what is good for business and for a sustainable future. This progressive approach leads to responsible investment decisions with healthier, safer, more engaged people, and increased value for all of our stakeholders - Building a Better Tomorrow everywhere we can. Building a Better Tomorrow enables us to integrate sustainability into all aspects of our organization, from our growth framework, through all our services and in our core values of teamwork, ethics and excellence. By driving all our sustainability activities through Building a Better Tomorrow, we aim to deliver global consistency, best practice and direction across our four Pillars of Clients, People, Workplaces and Communities.", "Link": "https://www.us.jll.com/en/about-jll/our-sustainability-leadership"}
{"Company Name": "JP-KONTAKT, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JPS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "Our Mission We help our customers be the best in the industry and improve people's health. We are a Czech company with a family and friendly atmosphere . We stick together in good and bad times. Our values ​​reflect what is important to us. It creates a binding framework of behavior for all our employees and co-workers. They determine the direction of our daily dealings with customers, business partners and, last but not least, within our corporate teamwork. Customer always comes first Everything we do is based on creating added value for our customers. We want to maintain good relationships with them over the long term, offering them efficient and comprehensive solutions based on innovative technologies, quality, reliability and professionalism. We are experts We know that the success of a company is always the success of employees. That is why the promotion of personal development and professional education has a very important place in our country. We provide the team with development and education that is tailored to individual needs and requirements. We are constantly working on ourselves, trying to offer more than the standard. We learn from each other and also from our customers. We help ourselves in humility, and modesty is important. We give each other support and help, knowing that we can do much more together. We respect the opinions of others and are not afraid to express our own opinion. Each of us is equally important and deserves to be treated with respect. We have personal and social responsibility We keep things going and stand for the results of our work. We actively avoid conflicts of interest and anything that is contrary to good morals and the interests of society. The company as a whole and every individual in our country adheres to the principles of social responsibility in the social, economic and environmental fields. We enjoy our work Our entire team works with great dedication, vigor and creativity, which leads to the success of our company. We provide team members with appropriate remuneration based on the results of their work. We do our work with enthusiasm, love and wit.", "Link": "https://www.jps.cz/firemni-hodnoty/"}
{"Company Name": "JRD Development s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JRK KLADNO, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JT International spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "…", "Link": "https://www.jti.com/our-views?category=1143"}
{"Company Name": "JTH Group a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JUDr. Ingrid ŠVECOVÁ", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jules a Jim, z.ú.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Junák - český skaut, z. s.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JUNGLE INTERIORS , s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JUNKER Industrial Equipment, s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Jupiter Consulting, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "JUST CS spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Following the example of our Swiss partner JUST International AG and many other successful brands, we have decided to take an adventurous journey to the very core of our core business and to name key values ​​in collaboration with our customers, partners, advisors and employees - five points that clearly explain , what we value as JUST CS and what is important to us.Our values ​​are all equally important, interconnected, each related to each other. They are such a balanced blend , similar to our legendary thirty-one (ie, Oil from 31 medicinal herbs), which we refer to in the shape of a drop. In the symbol above you will find our colors - blue as JUST, green as Nahrin and red, which is included in the Czech and Swiss flags. And since we were established during the time of Czechoslovakia and we still have a very close relationship with our Slovak colleagues, the gray words in the background are both Czech and Slovak.", "Link": "https://www.justnahrin.cz/hodnoty-spolecnosti-just-cs"}
{"Company Name": "JVS GROUP s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ka-Reality", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Katerinska Hotel, sro", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kaufland Czech Republic vos", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility Kaufland helps children, schools and the disabled In Kaufland, we care to preserve the nature around us for future generations and for our children. Lonely children, children in schools, handicapped or needy families. They all need help. In Kaufland, we strive to help as much as possible, so we are partnering with many projects that can improve people's lives in the Czech Republic. Make a small purchase for the big thing. Come to any of our stores on Saturday, September 8th and contribute your shopping to people who find themselves in a difficult life situation. In cooperation with the Czech Federation of Food Banks we organize the first year of our own food collection. Buy the necessary goods: canned meat, fish, rice, soups, pulses, baby food or diapers, milk, pâtés, pasta, oil or toothbrushes and hand them over to the volunteers of non-profit organizations. Kaufland will add other products to your purchase and we will help. Join us. And who will help our food collection? Here are examples of organizations we can help together: Diocesan Charity Brno, Charity of St. Anežky Otrokovice, NADĚJE, Branch Zlín, Salvation Army, Kotec + shelters, dormitories, parish charities, Charity Nový Jičín and Český Těšín, Hope for Life, Regional Charity Pelhřimov, Crisis Center Spiral, children's home Tuchlov, FOKUS České Budějovice, South Bohemian Center for the disabled and seniors, Caritas Olomouc, Prostejov Asylum Center, Liberec Hope, Jablonec Hope, Dubá-Deštná Children's Home. We are a partner of Debra, who supports people suffering from serious butterfly disease. This year we finance summer and autumn relaxation therapy camps for the sick and their loved ones. In addition, we have made our summer camp special by donating sweet donuts and fruit to a healthy smoothie. We also help finance the purchase of expensive but much needed dressing materials and ointments. We are proud partners of Loono, which we support in a truly original way. Kaufland donates CZK 10 for each use of the Multisport card to all our employees. The project \"Get Your Ass for a Good Thing\" was created as an extension of the popular employee program \"We Enjoy Health\", which takes care of the healthy lifestyle of our employees. A team of young Loono non-profit medics acquaints our fellow citizens with the “I touch them every month” and “You live with the heart” campaigns on how to prevent cancer and cardiovascular disease. The financial support will enable medical students to acquire new training models, but above all to organize workshops for high school and university students. They belong to the most risky group affecting the often overlooked and serious cancer of the genital organs. We are pleased to support the enthusiasm of young medical students and to help save lives through prevention. This year we became the general partner of the Dr. A clown run by the non-profit organization Chance 4 Children. We are glad that in cooperation with trained clowns we help laughter to treat children patients in 7 hospitals all over the Czech Republic and thus facilitate their often difficult therapeutic stay. You can meet health clowns in the following hospitals: University Hospital Vinohrady University Hospital in Pilsen Ostrava City Hospital Regional Hospital Kladno Hospital Hořovice Hospital Písek Rudolf and Stefanie Benešov Hospital Since 1997, Chance 4 Children has been helping mainly children living in institutional care and other children's facilities. It improves their living conditions and provides them with additional educational and professional opportunities as a springboard to a successful adult life. Dr. The clown began to be implemented in 1999, when it became the first clown initiative to treat children in the Czech Republic. Shopping with a pleasant feeling of cleanliness Did you come to Kaufland by public transport or came from the street? Do you mind feeling dirty hands and trolleys? Take advantage of the new hygiene stations at all Kaufland stores. Hygienic stations are equipped with a hand disinfection window, moistened wipes to wipe the trolley handle and a wastebasket. Your health matters We care about your health. The introduction of Kaufland sanitation stations helps to combat epidemics such as influenza, jaundice or diarrhea. Adherence to hygienic conditions will prevent further transmission of bacteria and diseases. How to do it? a hygiene station is waiting for you at every entrance to the Kaufland store you will find wet wipes under the trolley symbol Use a damp wipe to easily wipe the shopping cart handle just put the used napkin into the built-in trash bin You can spray a disinfectant solution on your hands before and after your purchase We help primary and secondary schools Where do the children go when they finish? Can they find a dream job? Since the school year 2012/2013 we have been trying to be close to primary and secondary schools and support them in preparing pupils for their future employment. What do we provide? professional lectures of Kaufland employees in education Excursions in Kaufland stores, in the logistics center in Modletice or Olomouc Excursion to the Kaufland meat factory in Modletice discussions on the topic of healthy breakfast Barbecue at school sports or cultural events We declare war on plastic waste Every day we hear that the oceans resemble a huge dump of plastic waste. But what do I have to do with it? Our plastics, such as bags, foils or bottles, reach the oceans through the rivers, either in whole or in the form of hardly visible microplastic particles. And it harms not only marine animals, but also us. Oceans are vital as unique ecosystems - for humans and animals. Therefore, it is important for us to set an example and look for ways to reduce or even eliminate plastic in our product packaging. We thus contribute to the REset strategy - the international plastic strategy of the Schwarz Group. For example, did you know that it takes several decades to unfold a disposable plastic bag? On this page you will find more information about our efforts to reduce the amount of plastics. What can we do differently? First, let's look at our products where plastics can be omitted everywhere. If certain parts of the packaging are redundant, for example because they do not serve as protection from external influences or as a means of preserving freshness, omit them. Over time, we will optimize our packaging. Plastic strategy of the Schwarz Group The Schwarz Group, one of the largest trading companies in the world with its Kaufland and Lidl business divisions, is fully aware of its environmental responsibility. It has developed a comprehensive international strategy REset Plastic, which is divided into five areas of activity: waste prevention, design, recycling, disposal and innovation and education. The vision of “less plastic - closed loop” is becoming a reality. The five main principles in the various areas of REset Plastic - Schwarz Group plastic strategies: 1. REduce - avoidance Whenever possible and sustainable, we refrain from using plastics. 2. REdesign - design We design products to be recyclable and to close the cycle. 3. REcycle - recycling We collect, sort, recycle and close the secondary raw material cycle. 4. REmove - liquidation We help to remove plastic waste from the environment. 5. REsearch - innovation and enlightenment Looking for innovative solutions, we invest in research and development. We spread awareness about recycling and conservation of resources.", "Link": "https://spolecnost.kaufland.cz/clovek-priroda/spolecenska-odpovednost.html"}
{"Company Name": "KBC Group, Shared Service Center CZ", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We take a much broader view of sustainability than environmental or social impact alone. We want to go further in our corporate social responsibility: we strive to create shared value with all our stakeholders. Sustainability to us is all about KBC’s ongoing and independent ability as a bank-insurer to meet the needs of society and the expectations of all our stakeholders, whether they be our clients, investors, government, shareholders or, of course, our employees. We are convinced that by pursuing our banking and insurance operations in a sustainable and socially responsible way, we can build on the trust of our stakeholders and enhance our competitive position. This will enable us in turn to create the sustainable and profitable growth we need if we are to go on meeting society’s changing needs and requirements. Sustainability to KBC as a bank-insurer means that we are able to - without external support - respond to the needs of society and the expectations of all our stakeholders: our customers, investors, governments, shareholders and of course our employees. Sustainability is not part of a separate strategy, but is instead integrated into our overall corporate strategy that is based on four pillars: We place our clients at the centre of everything we do We look to offer our clients a unique bank-insurance experience We focus on our group’s long-term development and aim in that way to achieve sustainable and profitable growth We take our responsibility towards society and local economies very seriously We have translated our sustainability strategy into the following cornerstones: our people, loccal communities and economy.", "Link": "https://www.kbc.com/en/about-us/our-view-on-sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "KDK Automotive Czech sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kelvion sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We are obliged to conform to internationally accepted conventions of social, political, and legal nature. Companies such as Kelvion that are internationally active are obliged to conform to internationally accepted conventions: of social, political, and legal nature. Our corporate code of conduct describes the principles and procedures behind our corporate actions. This code applies to all our employees worldwide. We ensure compliance with the regulations in a working environment that is characterized by integrity, respect, fairness, and responsibility. We respect and observe the law. The basis for all action at Kelvion is the observation of all applicable laws and other regulations. We supplement these rules with especially designed, particularly strict internal guidelines and training with regard to certain aspects of the law. We act internationally. We strictly observe as binding the statutory regulations that apply to our products and services involved in international commerce. We observe all applicable bans on exports and imports and observe all official authorization procedures. We wholly reject corruption. We reject any type of commercial corruption, both domestically and on foreign markets. In order to underline this fact, we have drawn up our own anti-corruption guidelines that enforce rules of proper conduct to which we adhere at all times. These rules apply both in our dealings with officials and with the bodies and employees of other companies. We support fair competition. In a spirit of fair competition, we work hard, orient this work to our customers’ needs and ensure the quality of our products and services. We observe all applicable domestic, supranational, and foreign anti-trust laws as well as any laws pertaining to unfair competition. We also expect this level of fairness from our competitors. We ensure socially acceptable working conditions. We are committed to the principles of social responsibility towards our employees and society. We offer our employees fair working conditions worldwide. We reject any form of discrimination, with respect to gender, sexual orientation, origin, skin color, or any other personal characteristics. We see ourselves as a socially responsible employer that treats its employees with respect. We protect the environment. From development, to manufacturing, and to the sale of our products, we protect the environment throughout each of these phases. This principle applies not only to the energy we employ, but also to the protection of our natural environment at every workplace worldwide. We ensure product safety. For our customers, we develop innovative, high-quality products and processes – and product safety enjoys top priority.", "Link": "https://www.kelvion.com/company/fairness-first/"}
{"Company Name": "Kermi sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Taking responsibility All of Arbonia Group's division are committed to a coherent and comprehensive sustainability policy that forms an integral part of the Group's strategic objectives and operating activities. The Arbonia Group is aware of its economic, environmental and social responsibility towards capital providers, employees, customers, business partners, the state, society and the environment. Engagement, responsibility, trust and cooperation are values that the company and its employees have taken to heart. These values are put into practice in contact with internal and external partners every day as part of our corporate culture. HVAC Division The principles of sustainability have been an integral part of the HVAC Division's corporate philosophy for decades now, and are applied in the areas of product development, production, and customer and staff relationships. By applying a management system certified under ISO 9001/14001/50001 (Quality/Environment/Energy), the division focuses on all processes, from development through to disposal. The advantages that energy efficiency offers to customers and the environmentally responsible use of resources are at the heart of all newly developed products, which meet the highest energy standards. Sustainability is also a key focus in the area of energy consumption. Italian company Sabiana, for example, produces over 75% of ist annual energy from photovoltaic installations, and in Plattling (D), a state-of-the-art energy data logging system enables weaknesses in production to be analysed and inefficient consumers to be replaced effectively. The obligation to define suitable employee protection goals is a standard element of corporate policy. Each year, the company introduces prevention campaigns focusing on a range of different subjects and managers also receive training in the area of responsibility for occupational safety, as a means of giving safety-related issues more prominence. Sanitary Equipment Division Work to optimise packaging is an ongoing process which was further accelerated in 2018. In order to reduce transport weight, the wooden slats that had previously been used were replaced with lighter hon-eycomb boards made from cardboard. These boards offer comparable protective properties but have a much lower environmental impact. The optimised packaging density and, as a result, the improved utilisation of transport pallets led to a significant decrease in transport and logistics costs as well as sustainably reducing the burden on the environment. Windows Division As around 75% of household energy consumed is caused by heating costs, the insulation of the exterior walls, ceilings, floors, roofs and, above all, the doors and windows is a key factor for saving energy and increasing energy efficiency. Through the continual innovation of all its window ranges, the Windows Division is making a major contribution in this regard. The new vinyl and vinyl/aluminium generation in particular offers improved energy efficiency. Thanks to an optimised overall depth, wider and therefore more energy-efficient glass packages can be used in both new constructions as well as in renovations, making a valuable contribution to further reducing energy consumption and lowering CO² emissions. The new wood/aluminium windows as well as the vinyl windows from EgoKiefer are certified to the Minergie standard and demonstrate exceptional environmental performance thanks to their high quality standards and long product service life. Also in respect to production, the Windows Division follows principles which allow resources to be used sparingly at all stages. For example, the wood chips at the Langenwetzendorf (D) plant are used to heat the production facilities and surplus chips are sold to pellet manufacturers for further processing. The site in Germany is also equipped with solar systems on the roofs and feeds around 224,000 kWh of electricity into the grid each year. At both the Pravenec (SK) and Zambrow (PL) sites, thanks to coextrusion systems installed, off-cuts from vinyl profiles are now fed back into the production process instead of being thrown away. In addition to the waste recirculation system, around 70% of the production halls in Poland are equipped with energy-saving and daylight-controlled LED light strips. Doors Division Energy and material efficiency are permanent areas of focus for the Doors Division. For example, hall lighting is gradually being converted to LED lighting, and when new machines and systems are purchased, efforts are made to ensure that the drives and motors used comply with the latest efficiency classes. In addition, continual improvements to systems ensure that productivity is permanently increasing and the energy required to manufacture each component is continuously decreasing. Employee well-being is also a matter of great concern for the division. To name just a couple of examples, the canteens and social spaces at Prüm in Germany and Invado in Poland have been modernised over the course of the reporting year.", "Link": "https://www.arbonia.com/en/company/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "KIEKERT-CS, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Kiekert Closure Systems Support CO2 Goals Innovations constantly redefine the limits of what can be done. However, aside from the functional advancements, we as a leader of technology in automotive closure systems, particularly keep sustainability aspects in mind. This is how we make a tangible contribution to attaining the CO2 goals of our customers. A lower vehicle weight means lower CO2 emissions! The employees in our development departments systematically strive toward environmentally safe product solutions. They focus on reducing the weight of Kiekert door latches and actuators, for example, with intelligent material selection and sustainable product design. In addition to that, production and logistics concepts that spare resources are also in focus. We also supply innovative closure and locking systems for modern mobility concepts such as electric vehicles.", "Link": "https://www.kiekert.com/en/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Kienbaum und Partner GmbH upon request", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "We provide encouragement for the creative minds of today and tomorrow through the “Gerhard and Lore Kienbaum Foundation” founded in 1994, which focuses on outstanding university graduates and post-graduates in economics by awarding the Kienbaum Prize for excellence in degree theses at the Gummersbach campus of the Cologne University of Applied Sciences through our training programs for scholarship recipients funded by major organizations for the promotion of young talent through our commitment to the “InCharge for the next generation” initiative against youth unemployment in Europe and the integration of young asylum seekers into the German labor market through our involvement with Operation Leap Forward, which develops and encourages those with chronic illnesses through training and employment Kiron and Kienbaum We support the virtual university Kiron, which offers young refugees both on-line and on-site study opportunities coupled with a mentoring program. The “Kiron emPower” program also offers students psychosocial counseling or refers them to other professional services. Kienbaum supports Kiron’s innovative and social approach and assists it in nurturing ideas by ensuring that an appropriate team is in place. We do all this on three levels: direct support in the recruitment of new employees, development of a future-oriented recruiting process and one-on-one mentoring for refugee students. Kienbaum arts promotion By encouraging artists through Kienbaum Artists’ Books, we have been working in close collaboration with Snoeck Publishing since 2007 to help selected artists produce an “artwork in book format.” Through dialog with the artists, carefully curated books are presented that significantly expand the audience for their work. Book projects completed to date include: Thomas Zitzwitz (Moleskine orangée, 2007), David Reed (Rock Paper Scissors, 2009), Jorinde Voigt (Botanic Garden Code, 2011), Klaus Merkel (hornbook, 2014) and Ingrid Calame (Being Born, 2016).", "Link": "https://www.kienbaum.com/en/company/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Kika Nabytek sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KLIKA - BP as", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KNORR-BREMSE Commercial Vehicle Systems CR, sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The guiding principle of sustainable development underpins all our Corporate Responsibility activities. This responsibility not only applies to our products and how they are manufactured, but also to our employees, environmental protection and social commitment. As a global technology leader in braking and subsystems for rail and commercial vehicles, Knorr-Bremse has always looked to the future and played a major part in making transportation sustainable, safe and environmentally friendly. This entails a great degree of responsibility, which is why we have made Corporate Responsibility (CR) an integral part of our corporate culture and strategy. Corporate Responsibility Strategy and Management By managing our company sustainably, we assume responsibility towards our employees, customers and business partners as well as for the environment and society. Click here to find out about the CR strategy we have adopted to fulfill our voluntary commitment to sustainable business practices. Products and Partners For us, product responsibility means making transportation sustainable, safe and environmentally sound. To accomplish this, we integrate sustainability considerations into the development process, use environmentally friendly materials and develop technologies for sustainable transportation. Working together with our suppliers, we aim to optimize the value chain and live up to our social and ecological responsibilities. Read about where our focus lies here. Employees and Leadership We strive to offer our 28,000 employees worldwide an attractive working environment. Because qualified, healthy, happy employees are a cornerstone of our commercial success. Find out here how we encourage and empower our employees to achieve their professional goals and how we ensure a safe and healthy working environment through our occupational safety policy. Environment and Climate Knorr-Bremse is committed to protecting the environment and the climate in all its activities. We use resources responsibly, we systematically reduce CO2 emissions and we avoid or minimize undesirable impacts on the environment. Read here how we live up to our environmental responsibility . Commitment and Society Knorr-Bremse is committed to social and community causes. We make it our business to participate in local life at our various locations, to be a positive influence on the social environment and to help shape it for the better. Click here to find out how we live up to our responsibility as a good Corporate Citizen. Communication and Cooperation Knorr-Bremse endeavors to maintain an open and constructive dialog with its various stakeholders and to inform them regularly and transparently about its performance in the area of sustainability. Our CR reports and additional documentation can be found here.", "Link": "https://www.knorr-bremse.com/en/responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Komerční banka, as", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Responsible Funding We care where the money comes from. We respect privacy and freedom while fighting corruption, money laundering, and the financing of terrorism. Responsible Employer KB pays heed to compliance with equal employment opportunities, and builds long-term partnership with its employees. We support gender diversity, employment of disabled persons and fair remuneration. We also offer employees a wide range of educational programmes and courses. Environment and Responsible Sourcing In the sphere of environmental protection, KB strives primarily to reduce its operational impact on its surroundings. For example, adopted measures have led to reducing paper consumption, proper and ecological handling of waste and energy, and monitoring of business trip and transport expenses. Offers of banking services on the principle of solidarity Komerční banka already has a number of products and services in its portfolio which fall into the sphere of green and solidary products, and is constantly working on their expansion. OUR DOCUMENTS SERVE AS A BASIS FOR OUR OPERATION The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and related Conventions (in particular the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights) The main conventions of the International Labour Organization The Convention concerning the Protection of the World Cultural and Natural Heritage OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) Directive for multinational enterprises Our clients' opinion matters Satisfaction of our clients comes first. Thanks to your feedback we can continue improving our services to perfection. This client satisfaction serves as a basis for ozr sustainable growth.", "Link": "https://www.kb.cz/en/about-the-bank/everything-about-kb/corporate-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "KON-TAKT, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ELTODO / Vegacom Group", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KONE as", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "WE DEVELOP SUSTAINABLE SMART CITY AND LOW CARBON COMMUNITIES We support the ongoing ecological transformation of building environments into smart green cities, low carbon footprint communities, and clean zero energy buildings. WORLD LIST OF CDP The best possible ranking on the world list of environmentally friendly companies. ENERGY As the first company in our industry, KONE has been awarded the energy class A for lift installations according to ISO 25745. REDUCING CO2 EMISSIONS Between 2008 and 2016, we reduced our carbon footprint related to energy use by more than 60% (relative to orders received). Our responsibility KONE's environmental responsibility includes innovative and energy-saving solutions and the elimination of environmental impact. ECOLOGICAL EXCELLENCE PROGRAM Our eco-excellence program supports green transformation, the development of smart green cities with low carbon footprint and the creation of zero-energy buildings. ECOLOGICAL EXCELLENCE PROGRAM ECO-EFFICIENCY THROUGH MODERNIZATION By using a number of modernization solutions, we achieve high success rates with the lowest possible impact on the environment. Our range of services ranges from the replacement of traditional fluorescent lamps for LED lighting to the complete replacement of an old elevator for the latest generation of eco-efficient energy recovery systems.SUCCESSFUL MAINTENANCE PROCESS By using intelligent technologies, we minimize emissions and maximize efficiency. Our engineers are coordinated to make their crossings as efficient as possible without unnecessary mileage. We optimize the stock of spare parts in their service vehicles and eliminate warehouse entries, significantly reducing fuel consumption ECO-EFFECTIVE INSTALLATION We consider the environmental impact when installing new equipment. With well-planned and efficient assembly processes, we minimize adverse environmental impacts and reduce the consumption of hazardous substances PROMOTING THE ENVIRONMENTAL DESIGN OF THE BUILDING At KONE we calculate the energy consumption of our equipment and advise on how to make green investments. We publish the environmental impact of KONE products and contribute to the development of global energy management standards.", "Link": "https://www.kone.cz/o-nas/spolecnost-kone/zivotni-prostredi/"}
{"Company Name": "Konica Minolta Business Solutions, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We think about the future At Konica Minolta, we promote sustainability through innovation for business and society. We also support our customers to achieve sustainability goals. With our sustainability solutions, customers can achieve greater efficiency, lower costs while creating a responsible digital workplace. Our approach focuses on four customer-centered sustainability areas: ENHANCE OUR CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY It is Konica Minolta’s mission to create new value for a sustainable world Konica Minolta has a clear commitment to sustainability with its Corporate Philosophy “The Creation of New Value”. This means that the company not only creates economic value but also social value through innovation – for the business and the people – and ultimately for a sustainable world. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): World’s best plan to build a better world for people and our planet Konica Minolta’s sustainable strategy entails the pursuit of Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). The 17 Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations are the world's best plan to build a better world for people and our planet by 2030. They address the global challenges we face, like e.g. poverty, inequality, climate, biodiversity, peace and justice. Konica Minolta Europe conducted a thorough analysis of the 17 SDGs for optimising the sustainability of their activities, particularly on a European level. As a result, six particular goals were placed in focus for Konica Minolta Business Technologies Europe that are in line with the world-wider SDGs Management by Konica Minolta, Inc.: Climate change is one of the most immediate global concerns. With the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) the United Nations have developed a global holistic strategy to overcome this. The SDGs are a wide framework with defined targets that tackle problems on an environmental and social level. As part of their sustainability strategy Konica Minolta pursuits the SDGs. Meet social responsibilities and contribute to broader society: Our ethical guard rails Besides Konica Minolta’s mission and Eco Vision 2050, its sustainability activities are guided by its Charter of Corporate Behavior. The company explicitly commits to responsibility not only to achieve growth, but also to meet its social responsibilities and contribute to broader society that includes not only Konica Minolta’s customers, investors and employees but also local residents, the publicity, socially disadvantaged people and marginalised groups. Konica Minolta is committed to act in compliance with international social norms such as the United Nations Global Compact and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our environmental-related activities are guided by our Environmental Policy Konica Minolta has defined a set of key environmental management principles, which are fixed in its European Environmental Policy. The policy is in accordance with the Charter of Corporate Behavior and the Corporate Philosophy. Our adherence to global principles, charters & norms Konica Minolta observes international principles, charters and norms as well as participates and is signatory to voluntary global organisations.", "Link": "https://www.konicaminolta.cz/cs-cz/about-konica-minolta"}
{"Company Name": "Kooperativa Insurance Company, Inc., VIG", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "UN Sustainable Development Goals & GRI Methodology To perceive and positively influence the world around us; to promote sustainable solutions and a responsible approach to doing business. These all are key factors for us, affecting our future. The success of our company and society as a whole is based on seeking mutually beneficial solutions together with our customers, who are in the spotlight of our interest. The search for such solutions inevitably also involves our employees, who are irreplaceable in taking these steps, our shareholders who share values with us, and other stakeholders. Since 2010, Kooperativa has been following the principles of social responsibility as a member of the Business for Society alliance. The company has also adopted the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) issued by the UN Development Programme, and recently, the main UN Principles for Sustainable Insurance. We are already preparing ourselves for the European regulation on sustainable business in the financial sector. GRI methodology For reporting data in the field of social responsibility and sustainable development, we have chosen the GRI international standards methodology. These indicators are used to gauge long-term sustainability, for comparable measuring and for evaluation of the social responsibility of various organisations. UN Sustainable Development Goals and how Kooperativa perceives them 3 We care for the health of our employees 5 We strive to ensure equality of men and women 8 We seek not only financial profit, but also long-term sustainability of our business with respect for the environment 10 Our approach reduces inequalities 11 Our insurance contributes to sustainable development of cities, towns and communities, also in case of natural disasters 13 We take climate change into consideration in our products 15 We offset our environmental impact and plant new trees; we pay attention to good neighbourhood relations CSR in Kooperativa and its Pillars To operate our business responsibly, ethically and morally, and positively influence society and the community we live in. These are the pillars of our corporate social responsibility and we strive always to proceed in the spirit of these values. Insurance itself can be conceived of as a field driven by the basic principles of helping others, responsibility and solidarity. Every day, we deal with crises and unpleasant situations encountered by our clients and help them manage the consequences of unfortunate events and various accidents in their lives. We know what value there is in help offered at the right time. We approach all our clients fairly and ethically. The same is true of all our activities. We are aware that we are part of the society in which we successfully operate and, as such, we want to improve it and cultivate it. An absolute key for any insurance company, as a business operating in the services sector, is its employees. Their work, abilities, determination, ideas and satisfaction are the sources of our success, which is why we take care of their development and education. For our business, it is crucial not only to deal with damage, but also to prevent it. We have initiated a number of preventive programmes and measures in this regard. Perhaps even more than in any other sector, we in the insurance business are aware that it is important to help those who have had less luck. These activities are covered by the Kooperativa Foundation. The scope of our activities in the area of corporate social responsibility is documented and summarised in the CSR Strategy, approved by the company management in 2018. We build our CSR on four basic pillars: Employees In Kooperativa, people work with people. We strive to ensure decent treatment, personal development, equal opportunities and flexibility. Kooperativa Foundation We help those who have had less luck in their lives. We contribute to cultivating society and education of individuals. We promote healthy lifestyle for Czech families. Environment Green is not only our corporate colour. A responsible approach to the environment is quite natural for us. Fair and sustainable business & Traffic safety Our product is our reflection. We know the consequences of various kinds of accidents and occurrences and their impact 16 We initiate legislative changes with a view to cultivating the legal environment 17 We create dialogues and partnerships with the aim of improving life in this country", "Link": "https://www.koop.cz/dokumenty/annual-reports/non-financial-reporting-2018/NEFINANCNI_REPORTING_2018_eng2.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "KOREKT PRAHA", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kostelecke uzeniny, as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Košík.cz sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KOVOSVIT MAS Management, Inc.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KP2 Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KPMG Czech Republic, sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "orporate social responsibility (CSR) is at the heart of KPMG’s culture, and we embrace our corporate citizenship through our community service. We encourage our staff to work as a team, using their core competencies to lead and participate in different initiatives that address key social and environmental issues. We also mobilise our stakeholders in different sectors to work together to find solutions that can help create a bigger positive impact. Our CSR activities help our people realise their potential and expose them to different life skills and world views. The volunteering opportunities we offer help make us an Employer of Choice, and reinforce our pledge to satisfy our people’s career aspirations by equipping them with the ability, strength and willingness to play a key role in the ever-changing and constantly evolving global challenges. KPMG’s CSR strategies focus on the 3E’s – Environment, Education and Empowerment. Under this framework, we have rolled out different sustainable initiatives that focus on Advancing Sustainability, Lifelong Learning, Promoting Inclusive Development, and Inclusion and Diversity. With CSR at the heart of KPMG’s culture, our efforts are united to address different environmental and social issues through thought leadership and stakeholder engagement. We have a responsibility to influence positive change in our community and the marketplace. We strive to address the challenges of climate change in terms of our own operations and by working with our clients to improve societal and environmental sustainability. In 2008, KPMG International launched the Global Green Initiative (GGI) as a global response to the challenges of climate change. From 2010-2015, KPMG China reduced net carbon emissions per full-time employee by 16 percent. Our global target is a further 10 percent reduction in global net greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2020 against a 2015 baseline. Part of our commitment to reducing our environmental impact is to measure, reduce and report KPMG’s combined GHG emissions inventory. Furthermore, KPMG promotes sustainability by raising awareness and engaging our people. To reduce our carbon footprint and save energy, we have offices in LEED certified buildings in Hong Kong, Chengdu and Foshan. In addition, our Hysan Place office in Hong Kong is LEED Platinum certified in terms of interior design. In 2012, we moved 40 percent of our Hong Kong office space to Hysan Place, the first LEED Platinum certified mixed-use office and vertical mall complex in Hong Kong and mainland China. Our vision is to use this office as a standard for all our future offices. The building’s key green features, including the use of recycled, regional and renewable material, have allowed us to further our commitment to environmental protection. KPMG China reduces lighting power and enhances staff’s well-being by optimising natural light through efficient office design. In addition to the offices having glazed partitioning, partners’ offices in Hysan Place are positioned at the core of the floors to avoid blocking light. We have also incorporated daylight and motion sensors, use energy-saving LED lights and T5 lamps, and have implemented energy-saving policies. KPMG China’s waste management efforts include maximised usage of green building materials, and office equipment with high recycled, regional and renewable content and low hazardous emissions; integrated recycling bins; and water-saving systems. KPMG China’s investments in green office facilities include installing personal video conferencing capacity on computers (reducing air travel); introducing a Living Green Portal and eAudit; and purchasing energy-efficient equipment and appliances.", "Link": "https://home.kpmg/cn/en/home/about/corporate-social-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "KPZ Automotive as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KRONOSPAN, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Ensuring renewable and sustainable resources At Kronospan, we are proud of the environmental role we play in the overall wood supply chain. By producing wood-based panels using wood residue from the sawmill industry, we help to ensure that timber is valued as a limited raw material. For us, setting high environmental standards comes naturally. A world leader in technical development, we aim to get the highest possible yield from our input materials. The result is cost-effective production with the lowest environmental impact possible. We supply wood-based panels certified by the Program for the Endorsement of Forest Certification schemes (PEFC) or Forest Stewardship Council® (FSC®). These products use timber from verified well-managed forests, which ensures a renewable and sustainable resource. Together with our suppliers, we strive to achieve the lowest possible environmental impact. We ensure the lowest possible environmental impact to soil, water and air We promote maximum recycling as well as accelerating recycling of wood residue from other producers We handle, use, store and destroy chemicals in safe, healthy and environmentally friendly ways Kronospan is working towards a more sustainable wood-based panel industry. We ensure that suppliers do not use wood from national parks, natural preserves, virgin forests and other conservation areas. Our journey to low emission products Proven track record Kronospan has a long history of leading the industry: 2015We are committed to protecting the environment, and labelling our low emission products with the extra low emission E-LE butterfly emblem shows this. 2009First OSB to receive certification from Energieinstitut Vorarlberg as an environmentally friendly product due to low VOC emissions and formaldehyde-free production technology 2007 OSB ECO with extra low volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions 1989 First factory in Central and East Europe to produce E1 particleboard 1988First tannin bonded MDF to meet E0 standard 1985 100% of production was turned into E1 standard quality As you would expect, all Kronospan wood-based panel products meet the low formaldehyde E1 emission standard. Now Kronospan has also developed extra low formaldehyde emission MDF and particleboard. These products go even further, exceeding the requirements of the Californian CARB II standard. Kronospan has also launched OSB ECO, an oriented strand board made with formaldehyde-free resins and selected types of timber. The result is ultra low emission at the level of natural wood Respect for nature & its materials Environment equals responsibility After more than 100 years of processing timber, we are experts in the efficient use of timber. We use low grade wood residues, small & oversized roundwood and recycled wood to produce technically advanced engineered products. We recycle process waste into our products, or use this to produce carbon-neutral energy for use onsite. When a waste material cannot be used in one of our onsite processes, we seek out recycling opportunities in partnership with other companies. We constantly monitor our use of water and energy to identify opportunities to reduce consumption, and have invested heavily in processes that generate energy from wood-based carbon neutral fuel. As a first step in environmental responsibility, we expect everyone to minimise waste. We want to set a standard for cleanliness in our industry and strive to produce as little waste as possible. We expect everyone (employees, customers, suppliers, contractors etc) to contribute to achieve this goal.", "Link": "https://www.kronospan-worldwide.com/environment/"}
{"Company Name": "Küne + Nagel, spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "The human resources strategy of the Kuehne + Nagel Group focuses on the sustained further development and training of its staff and management in line with the company’s philosophy. It is also dedicated to advancing organisational structures and management principles. In 2011, the Kuehne + Nagel Group again fulfilled its entrepreneurial responsibility with regard to the three pillars of sustainability by its integrated management in the areas of quality, safety, health and environment: Kuehne + Nagel’s IT strategy concentrates on the creation of a new, robust and flexible information platform. For that reason the whole IT architecture is being overhauled and reconfigured on a modular basis. The aim is to standardise and improve the efficiency of all business processes, and customer systems displayed, resulting in higher quality, minimisation of different sources of error and an increase in the productivity of the individual users. Kuehne + Nagel will offer CO2-neutral transport from 2020 onwards We promise to provide our customers with environmental friendly, sustainable and innovative supply chain solutions that will reduce our collective CO2 footprint and help stakeholders achieve their bold environmental targets. Ocean acidification and global warming dramatically impact our natural ecosystems and without far reaching measures life on our planet is under threat; we need courageous and swift actions from companies to change that truth. The logistics industry contributes 7% to the global emission of CO2. As an industry leader we commit to reducing our contribution to that percentage through ambitious climate protection targets, to ensure a future for the generations to come. Net Zero Carbon is our global programme to neutralise our CO2 footprint. Key elements include: Carbon management: Maintain effective carbon management throughout all operations Environmental products & services: Provide environmentally sensitive products to our customers Supplier environmental performance: Environmental criteria to procure and select logistics services The corporate QSHE statement is binding for every employee across the Group's business units and functional fields, around the world. Our QSHE program allows us to offer consistent, high-quality services across all global operations. QSHE is actively driven globally, with national and local QSHE managers responsible for implementation of and compliance with established business field and unit policies and procedures. Leveraging the QSHE program, Kuehne + Nagel is able to deliver a customer-centric approach based on: Common language to improve understanding of quality requirements Continuous improvement of business performance through ongoing certification audits Bottom-line benefits through increased efficiency, reduced waste and better resource usage Improved product and process quality In addition to the ISO 9001 quality-management certification, the company holds among others: ISO 14001 certificate for environmental issues OHSAS 18001 certificate for occupational health and safety Transported Asset Protection Association (TAPA) security attestations U.S. Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism (C-TPAT) certificate Authorised Economic Operator (AEO) Certificate initiated by the World Customs Organization. Other attestations and certifications such as SQAS for the chemical industry, GXP certifications for food / pharma and EN 9100 certifications for the aviation industry.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KWD Bohemia, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "K & V ELEKTRO a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KABELOVNA KABEX as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KAESER KOMPRESSOREN sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "At Kaeser we are committed to helping users increase compressed air system performance while saving energy and reducing maintenance costs. We recognize that having efficient components is only part of the sustainability picture, and that the greatest efficiency gains are achieved through proper system design. We can help you maximize the performance and up-time of your production equipment. Use the tools on this page to learn more about how you can reduce your compressed air system energy consumption and take advantage of money-saving rebates through your local utility company. Heat recovery from compressed air Energy cost reduction strategies are vital to staying competitive. One major, often-overlooked, source for optimization is recovering the heat generated by compressors. Since as much as 100% of the electrical energy used by an industrial air compressor is converted into heat and 96% of this energy is available for recovery, the potential for savings is huge. The U.S. Department of Energy estimates 25% of compressed air is lost to leaks - and it's higher in many plants. Kaeser's compressed air leak detection and repair program is a smart solution for facilities ready to stop wasting air and start lowering energy costs. Fixing even a fraction of the leaks provides immediate payback. Plus, reducing compressed air leaks increases service life, frees-up capacity for production surges and growth, and stabilizes system pressure. Stop wasting air; request a leak audit! Rebate Finder Many utilities offer financial incentives to improve plant energy efficiency. The Database of State Incentives for Renewables & Efficiency (DSIRE) has a search function that will find incentives for compressed air and other plant equipment in your area. Find rebates in your area. Energy-saving tips checklist Check out our list of ten steps to energy savings in compressed air systems as well as seasonal tips to find out what you can do today to increase your system's efficiency.", "Link": "https://us.kaeser.com/compressed-air-resources/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Kajima Czech Design and Construction Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Creating Timeless Quality To provide safety, peace of mind, and comfort in structures that will stand the test of time, Kajima taps into the combined strengths of its latest technologies and construction methods to ensure that the abundance of today will still be around for the next generation to enjoy. Kajima's Corporate Philosophy is to \"contribute to society through the development of the company's business operations.\" The company's CSR framework was adopted on the basis of this philosophy, and guides the CSR activities of the entire Kajima Group, which strives to be an enterprise of good faith, imbued with a spirit of corporate ethics and social mission, and trusted by society for those reasons. Employing the CSR Framework, Kajima aims to contribute to both society and customers through business that provides high social value. Figure: Kajima's CSR Framework CSR ObjectivesCSR FundamentalsFive Fundamental Approaches CSR Objectives Buildings and structures designed and built by construction firms directly support the activities of society and individuals over a long period of time.Through its implementation of CSR, the company aims to ensure that the construction industry as a whole and Kajima in particular, supported by the trust of society and clients, will achieve stable development in a manner conducive to sustainable progress for all of society. Top of Page CSR Fundamentals The work of a construction firm is highly visible to the public eye, both during and after the construction process. A construction firm co-exists with society and customers, and bears a burden of responsibility to the next generation and beyond. In this light, Kajima approaches CSR with a social mission to continually research and improve its techniques so that its high-quality infrastructure, buildings, and services will contribute to society and provide customers with convenience, comfort, and peace of mind. Top of Page Five Fundamental Approaches 1. Ensuring compliance Figure: CSR Framework Although the public generally recognizes the tremendous contributions from construction, it remains critical of the industry. Nevertheless, when the public considers the vital responsibility that the industry has in supporting the activities of society and individuals over long periods of time, it can gain a renewed appreciation for the importance of placing trust in construction companies. To gain this trust, Kajima strives for thorough compliance, adhering to laws and regulations as a matter of course, and encouraging each and every one of its employees to work toward realizing a company that respects the highest level of corporate ethics. 2. Placing the highest value on Kajima's people Figure: CSR Framework A construction firm is responsible for completing an entire project, which includes bringing together subcontractors with many different specialties and uniting them into a cohesive team. Each individual's abilities are an asset. Kajima works to create the type of environment and esprit de corps that will enable a large number of people to work together in safety and with mutual trust, in a pleasant workplace where there is pride and a feeling of mission based on an awareness that the work is important to society. 3. Providing innovative solutions for a better environment Figure: CSR Framework Construction firms consume resources in great quantity, and their operations have a major impact on the natural environment. Kajima seeks to be sensitive and respectful to the environment, and regards conservation of the global environment as its responsibility to the next generation. Furthermore, Kajima works to present customers with forward-looking project proposals, and pays close attention in its daily operations to minimize the burdens it places on the environment. 4. Working with local communities Figure: CSR Framework A construction firm cannot move forward smoothly with a project without the understanding and cooperation of the local community, including those located in the immediate vicinity. Moreover, given the risk of natural disasters such as earthquakes, which often occur in Japan, disaster preparedness is one kind of CSR activity in which construction firms are expected to play an important role. 5. Communicating with stakeholders Figure: CSR Framework Until recently, the construction industry has not always made an active attempt to communicate with society regarding its social mission and the activities it engages in on a daily basis. Out of an awareness that truthful information disclosure is the foundation of trust in an enterprise, Kajima will take a more active and positive approach to informing the public of its concern for and contributions to society, and will work to maintain close communication with its stakeholders in various fields.", "Link": "https://www.kajima.co.jp/english/csr/index.html"}
{"Company Name": "Kaleidoscope - Center of Therapy and Education", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KALINA Industries Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kamen Engineering, sro", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KAMOKO, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KAMPOS sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KAN sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kappa Beta Institute", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kapsch Telematic Services spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Kapsch TrafficCom understands the challenge of long-term and responsible business activities and is dedicated to sustainability on an economic, environmental and social level. Regularly published sustainability reports will demonstrate the progress on a group level and the continuing establishment of predefined objectives. Living up to its socio-political responsibility, the entire Kapsch Group – organized by Kapsch AG – further supports a number of contemporary art and cultural institutions and projects, and even initiates its own projects in this field. Select educational initiatives and extensive social measures complement this approach, which the company considers to be an obligation both inside and outside the group. Music. A major component of this commitment consists of sponsoring activities related to the Vienna Concert Hall (Wiener Konzerthaus), a cultural institution with an excellent reputation that extends far beyond Austria’s borders. The Kapsch Group has been the main sponsor of the Vienna Concert Hall since 1992. The “Wien Modern” festival – one of the world’s best known festivals of contemporary music – has been supported by Kapsch since its launch in 1989. Visual arts. Promoting lesser-known artists is of particular concern to the Kapsch Group. In particular, young Austrian and international artists are assisted by sponsorship campaigns. One example is the photo calendar that the Kapsch Group has supported since 1994. The calendar is presented annually in late autumn at a private exhibition. Educational institutions. As a company that is driven by technology and innovation, Kapsch TrafficCom is constantly interested in establishing contact as early as possible with the best engineering talents. Since 2005, the Kapsch Group has supported the work of Universitäre Gründerservice Wien GmbH, which aims to support and guide young entrepreneurs in the implementation of ideas relating to well defined business concepts. Social activities. Kapsch TrafficCom takes pride in supporting select social projects at home and abroad. One example of the numerous projects is ICEP, the Institute for Cooperation in Development Projects, whose activities help improve the circumstances of people in developing countries. By directly promoting migration and integration, Kapsch TrafficCom contributes to social justice, the positive development of society as well as long-term safety and security.", "Link": "https://www.kapsch.net/cz/kts/About-us/Corporate-Social-Responsibility?lang=it-IT"}
{"Company Name": "KARAT Software as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KARDEX sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "KARTON P + P, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kasyg, ks", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Katko sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Kautex Textron Bohemia spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Protecting our environment is a crucial aspect of our company’s philosophy. The main highlight of our environmental program is the reduction of our energy consumption through the use of more efficient components as well as noise reduction programs. In addition to the recycling of plastics, we also conduct research in plastics made of renewable primary products. Such biopolymers can used in applications in the automotive industry as well as in packaging. These materials can reduce our environmental impact and offer improved sustainability: Resources are conserved and waste is reduced. REDUCING ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT Kautex offers fuel system solutions that make vehicles lighter, more fuel efficient and have the capability to meet lower and lower emissions targets. In the manufacturing of these fuel systems, Kautex takes a twist on the green approach. The Kautex Energy Management Action Plan (KEMAP) was produced to serve as a guidebook for the best way to operate our facilities in an energy efficient manner. Lowering the energy intensity and waste streams in the manufacturing of our products is the key target of this system. The KEMAP was built and designed from our experiences with and opportunities identified from energy kaizen/workshop events. The KEMAP has three basic components: Process textbooks Analysis sheets Energy scorecard Each component of the KEMAP provides information on how energy systems, and changes to these systems, can impact our energy consumption and costs. Between 2010 to 2015, Kautex was a leader within Textron, exceeding its goals of a 20% reduction in waste and energy consumption over the five year period.Kautex has continued on the same improvement and reduction path; challenging itself to achieve a further 20 reduction in energy intensity and waste in the period from 2015 to 2020. As of the end of 2017 this progress is on track. The Textron \"Vision 20/15\" program allowed effective partnering and sharing of energy and waste reduction techniques across the entire enterprise. Under Kautex’s 0-0-0 program we find that waste/scrap reduction is one of the targets to reduce to zero. This was the foundation for the building of the current KEMAP process at Kautex. The next phase of the KEMAP has been to transfer a significant number of best practices into equipment standards, so new equipment comes with our best approach right away and does not need to be retrofitted later to achieve the desired energy performance. Kautex has also achieved ISO50001 at all of its Germany locations as certified by the TUV Rheinland.", "Link": "https://www.kautex.de/en/about-us/corporate-governance-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Kazimírka zs", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Keen Software House Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Keyence International", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Ensuring the lasting survival of the company has been a core management philosophy since the founding of KEYENCE. To ensure lasting survival, a company must both contribute to and be supported by society. We must ask ourselves, \"What can we contribute most to society, and how?\" At KEYENCE, our goal is to use products to solve the various challenges facing the manufacturing field. The manufacturing industry currently faces several challenges with ever-increasing importance, including demand for productivity improvements to cope with labor shortages, a need to create production systems with a focus on safety, and a desire to improve manufacturing quality. To address these changes and the accelerated evolution of the industry, we define our social contribution through continuous creation of new value the likes of which have never been offered before. Going forward, we will continue working together to create sustainable added value. Addressing Societal Challenges Using Our Products Improving Productivity We are working to streamline the manufacturing process in various industries and countries to improve productivity and efficiency. By proposing solutions that lead to improved productivity, product quality can be ensured, while production time and waste can be minimized. Image-Based Laser Sensor IX Series Conventionally, objects to be inspected were moved to measure multiple points, or processes were detected separately. The IX Series identifies measurement targets through imaging and measures specified points with a laser to detect multiple heights at the same time. This helps reduce production and inspection time. Improving Product Quality As the functionality and sophistication of products advance, product quality has become more important. KEYENCE products can be used to stably produce high quality products. Image Processing System XG-X Series This system uses multi-spectrum lighting with eight wavelength LEDs and the industry's fastest 14-core image processing system to accurately identify subtle color differences that cannot be identified with a regular color camera. It helps improve food safety by quickly inspecting food for foreign matter, or other defects. Ensuring the Safety of the Working Environment We provide products that help improve safety at production sites. This also reduces the load on health and safety management. Specifically, we are promoting the improvement of on-site safety by developing safety equipment that maintains productivity while securing the safety of workers from hazardous elements, such as machinery and robots used at production sites. Safety Laser Scanner SZ-V Series Safety measures are necessary at manufacturing sites, but these can lower productivity. With KEYENCE’s SZ-V Series, new technologies and concepts are combined to ensure both safety and productivity. Improving the Working Environment KEYENCE inkjet printers are equipped with various features to prevent health risks. In the past, separate equipment was required to safely perform maintenance on inkjet printing equipment. Daily maintenance is required to use an inkjet printer. Examples of measures taken to prevent the release of chemical substances are shown.", "Link": "https://www.keyence.com/about-us/sustainability/corporate-value.jsp"}
{"Company Name": "KILPI", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "We have risen to the challenge of the NORTH and created a Kilpi brand of outdoor clothing and accessories. They have been tested by the unrestrained north, by its pride and dignity as well as uncompromising demands and claims of the mythical heroes´ country. If you really want to experience the real winter, you have to be prepared. Kilpi means „shield“ in Finnish. Therein the nature and houses have built up their defence, you need it as well. You can rely on Kilpi clothes and accessories. Either with your family, friends or alone, the north is impressive. We have put together the beauty of unrestrained north with the uncompromising quality. Because the winter in the north is the winter of Kalevala. The mythical characters and their messages come alive again in the atmosphere of the Nordic winter and they dictate the terms. We are able to dress you up in a way that you will enjoy even the traditional Kalevala winter and you will make it an unrepeatable experience. Kilpi will enable you to realize what is substantial: satisfaction of surpassing yourself and the joy of sharing extraordinary moments with your close friends or family. These moments are going to be entirely yours. So do the right choice. Our clothing will help you wherever you go. They will protect you and make you feel safe and secure. Increasing the quality of the Kilpi sportswear and constant technological progress are our priority. To keep two steps ahead of the competition, we selected extreme sportsmen to the Kilpi Racing Team. They are involved in the innovations of our functional outfit and thoroughly test each product so we can offer our customers only outfits that have undergone rigorous testing. They also come with new improvements and useful suggestions that make the Kilpi clothing highly valued among professional and amateur athletes. In KILPI range you can find an entire outfit both for winter and summer, accessories and even some trifles. You are going to be dressed up for a trip to the country as well as to the city, for sport activities and even for relaxation moments. We will outfit you with purpose-built and design jackets, perfect fit trousers, functional underwear and even stylish and trendy T-shirts. When the burning summer takes it’s turn over a severe winter you can go swimming in our swimwear or take other summer items. Outdoor clothing has to be functional and reliable first of all. The processing quality, sophisticated,well-developed,details and the choice of the most appropriate technologies form the basis of the high-quality outdoor clothing Kilpi. We created up-to-date and advanced Siberium® material, which has undergone more than 10-year development. Siberium® makes use of the principle of fibreglass laminating, it is very firm,stable, permeable and elastic. Owing to these features,characteristics our winter and softshell jackets are able to replace and compensate for a few layers of clothes. Siberium® will provide you with a reliable protection against external influences and unlimited comfort of movement under all circumstances. Wide range of Siberium® materials which assures a choice of the most suitable and convenient jacket for your activities. For the extreme conditions we have developed and designed the unique range Siberium® NANO. The supreme range of Siberium® material takes advantage of modern nano-technologies, owing to which Siberium®Nano is much thinner and more pliable than the standard materials. The unrivalled pliantness by wearing the highest functionality even in the extreme conditions represent the basic characteristics of our premium material. KILPI goes even further. They use fabrics and materials from the Japanese company TORAY, with 90-year tradition they create an absolute elite on the market. The product range KILPI with an avalanche rescue system RECCO will give you the utmost security on the slope as well as out of it. You love and adore challenges, which entirely prove your abilities. You are not sufficient with adrenalin ride on the most precipitous slopes and piece that you desire to get even further. You enjoy inconceivable heights,altitudes, solitude and silence, where only your accelerated breath and the sound of ice axe punching the stone can be heard. Kilpi will be with you both on the plains and on the rocks. It will help you at the highest speed,even the most staggering and dizzying height. If you are going to set up for a peaceful cross-country ski hike and after the pleasant day on fresh air you may visit your favourite club with your friends, we will dress you up also for the moments of relaxation. The lazy afternoons spent by the water you can then enjoy with your family in our swimwear.If you keep spending your chilly mornings fishing, waiting for that first bite, you will also be comfortable in Kilpi clothes.", "Link": "https://www.kilpisports.com/en/about-kilpi"}
{"Company Name": "Kimberly-Clark, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our Commitment to Sustainability has been a priority since we were founded almost 150 years ago We have a lasting impact on the people we serve around the globe; the people we help empower, the customers we support, and communities we touch. We use sustainable practice that support a healthy planet and ensure our business thrives for decades to come. In all that we do, we're working to build a sustainable future. We recognize the value of materials in our product categories and we are seeking secondary, beneficial uses of these materials from source to shelf - and beyond. We are working hard to divert manufacturing and post-consumer waste from low value outlets like landfill to higher value, beneficial uses. We're incorporating circular design principles, innovating and utilizing materials efficiently in our product and packaging design. We also know when it comes to recycling, people want to do the right thing. However, sometimes the different requirements for various types of packaging materials - glass, plastic, metal, paper - can be confusing. To make it easier for people to recycle, we've joined and promote programs like the On-Pack Recycling Label in the United Kingdom, How2Recycle™ in the United States and REDcycle in Australia and New Zealand, which provide simple, consistent recycling instructions for packaging. We've been focused on diverting manufacturing waste from landfill for many years and are currently diverting around 95% of facility waste from landfill as of 2017. We're partnering with our consumers, customers, not-for-profits and recyclers to keep used product and packaging out of land fill and are exploring circular business models. In 2022, Kimberly-Clark will have been in business for 150 years – and as we pave the way for another 150 years, sustainability must be at the heart of our business strategy. With the commitment of our 42,000-strong team and global partnerships, together we will make these goals a reality.", "Link": "https://www.kimberly-clark.com/en/responsibility/sustainability2022"}
{"Company Name": "Kingspan as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Policy Kingspan Insulation Ltd. has a responsibility to strive for sustainability in all of its products and operations. Kingspan Insulation Ltd. aims to adopt and apply best practice sustainability principles by ensuring environmental, social and economic parameters are considered in an integrated way in product and service delivery. To this end, Kingspan Insulation Ltd. will: l incorporate the ethos of sustainability into the vision and values of the organisation; l continue to invest in research and development in the area of maximising the insulation value of products; l continually improve operational performance through the setting of long–term objectives and targets related to sustainability, and review progress regularly; l comply with or exceed applicable legal and policy requirements related to the environmental and social aspects of the organisation; l optimise energy and raw material usage and prevent or minimise pollution and environmental damage; l continually monitor sustainability performance and actively communicate progress annually in the form of a published report, using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines; l communicate and actively promote awareness and acceptance of this policy to everyone working for, or on behalf of, the organisation (including employees, shareholders, suppliers / sub–contractors and customers); l ensure employees are given adequate training in sustainability issues and are fully involved in helping to deliver this policy; and l implement a Code of Conduct and support sustainability guidelines for key suppliers, contractors and other interested parties to ensure that they comply with this policy. Kingspan Insulation Ltd. is dedicated to adopting and implementing this policy. The responsibility for implementing this policy lies with the Divisional Managing Director. This policy forms a framework for Kingspan Insulation Ltd.’s activities, product design, services and decision–making, and promotes engagement of the entire organisation. The policy will be reviewed annually", "Link": "https://www.kingspan.com/gb/en-gb/about-kingspan/kingspan-insulation/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Klokan Technologies GmbH", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LAPP Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "SOCIAL COMMITMENT Social commitment is part of the Lapp family – and therefore also the company – tradition. All around our business locations, we support a whole host of public and social initiatives and institutions. Ursula Lapp, Andreas and Siegbert Lapp Ursula Lapp, Andreas and Siegbert Lapp Globalisation and community spirit go hand in hand at Lapp – since the very beginning, taking an active interest in social issues has formed part of the distinctive business culture of our family company. Now, as ever, the Lapp family company stands for reliable values and principles. Irrespective of market fluctuations, strategy changes and structural reorganisation, the Lapp company internal culture has anchored its dependable values for personnel and business partners alike firmly within its everyday business. Alongside our core business activities which are detailed here, a traditional part of Lapp is therefore also to offer unbureaucratic assistance at all our locations throughout the world, wherever it is needed. Our employees often take the initiative to make this happen.", "Link": "https://www.lappgroup.com/company/social-commitment.html"}
{"Company Name": "LD Human Resources s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lear Corporation Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Our vision for strengthening our shared future starts with all of us. We ask, “What’s your ImpACT?” Lear is committed to a sustainable future for our environment, our community, and our business. To us, ImpACT is more than just a corporate social responsibility strategy, it’s a way of life. As we look forward, we’re excited to continue our sustainability journey as a team, not only with our employees but also with our customers and suppliers. Our “Three Pillars of Sustainability” serve as a foundation for our efforts at work and home that will drive our success in Environmental Stewardship, Social Responsibility, and Economic Prosperity. Small steps matter, and they add up to big changes. Whether through our global Environmental, Health & Safety policies for every Lear facility; the research our Seating and E-Systems engineers conduct to develop new technologies that reduce environmental impact; or our design-for-environment (DfE) concepts with recycled materials – we are committed to being and doing better. Lear’s commitment to our one shared world is stronger now than it’s ever been. And we are asking you to help us... What’s your ImpACT? With a current ranking of #148 in the Fortune 500, Lear’s success continues, based on the Core Values including Innovation, Integrity, Community and Teamwork. The global Lear team designs, engineers and manufactures world-class automotive seating and electrical distribution system products that appear on more than 400 nameplates for every major automaker in the world. Demonstrating these Core Values provides the foundation for Lear’s economic prosperity, benefiting the communities in areas where we do business Sustainable Surface Materials Sustainable Surface Materials Lear’s ImpACT brand features a diverse product portfolio of natural, renewable, recycled, and zero-waste materials to meet the many needs of our customers. Through our vertically integrated business structure, Lear provides holistic solutions that maximize performance while addressing future environmental needs. Natural & Renewable Responsible leather Natural and renewable resource By-product of the meat industry, reducing waste to landfill Inherently durable and cleanable Natural tanning Up to 100% natural and renewable ingredients Responsibly harvested extracts Chromium free Natural fiber Premium offering with renewable content Breathable, moisture absorption properties Natural fibers obtained from plants Recycled & Zero Waste Recycled Polyester Derived from post-industrial or post-consumer PET waste PET is recycled into polymer and turned into yarn Every pound of recycled yarn conserves a 1/2 gallon of fossil fuel Ocean Waste Yarn By-product of the fishing industry 5.25 trillion pieces of plastic debris pollute the ocean One pound of gathered ocean waste produces one pound of yarn 3D Knit Zero waste in the cut process Minimization or elimination of conventional trim methods Reduction of polyurethane foam foundation", "Link": "https://www.lear.com/Site/Community/sustainability.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "Léčebné lázně Bohdaneč a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEEL COILS EUROPE s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEPŠÍ PRÁCE s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Letiště Ostrava, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Letiště Praha, a. s.", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Prague Airport places great emphasis on entrepreneurship in accordance with the idea of sustainable development. The international airport operations encompass a wide spectrum of activities with influence on various interest groups and areas. The voluntary integration of corporate responsibility principles into the everyday actions of the company and future development plans has become an integral part of our business activity. This is because we see the success of the company as lying not only in its economic profit, but also in the way that leads to it. As a large company, we feel a great responsibility to all the stakeholders and the future world. Five key topics have been defined with respect to important interest groups and agreed by the company management to be the basis of the corporate social responsibility (CSR) strategy. The CSR strategy of Prague Airport is based on these areas of concern: We are active in the environmental protection field. Our approach is based on the principles of steady investment in measures which ensure the considerate and responsible conduct of us and of our business partners, of preventing pollution and performing regular checks of the environment condition at the airport and in its vicinity. We look for additional opportunities to improve the environment on the basis of sustainable development. Environmental protection within the Czech Aeroholding Group is centralised under the leadership of Prague Airport, which ensures compliance with all legal obligations in the individual areas therein. Prague Airport has been certified pursuant to the CSN EN ISO 14001:2005 technical norm of Environmental Management System (EMS) since 2002. The System represents a complex and systematic company approach to environmental protection, adopted by the company management, incorporating environmental care into all activities and processes pursued by the company and outlined in its Policy. The System covers the following area: mapa_sys_ems.png As per the norm rules and regulations, the system must undergo a thorough certification process by the certifying body every three years. Monitoring audits are performed on a yearly basis. The EMS system was successfully recertified in June 2017 by Bureau Veritas Czech Republic, Ltd., the certifying body of Prague Airport. With regard to the environment, the air traffic at Prague-Ruzyně airport (hereinafter also “LKPR”) causes some negative effects. The most serious perceived in the vicinity is noise from the air traffic, which is the basic factor impacting the conflict-free existence of the airport and development of the airport’s capacity. The noise issue is thus becoming an increasingly important topic. In this context Letiště Praha, a. s. (hereinafter also the “Airport”) as LKPR’s operator, bearing the responsibility for noise from air traffic, is addressing this topic in compliance with the Noise Strategy of the International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO), which is based on the concept of “a balanced approach to the noise control”. The balanced approach principle consists of accomplishing the maximum environmental benefits with a cost-efficient solution. The balanced approach is based on four pillars: noise reduction at the source, landscape planning and management, anti-noise operational measures, and operational restrictions. The solution to the problem related to noise from air traffic is designed in accordance with the relevant legislation of the Czech Republic and the European Union. The priority for waste management and waste processing at our airport is consistent classification of the waste produced, allowing the reuse of recyclable waste such as glass and separation of waste which could pose danger to the environment. Individual airport sites have been equipped with containers for separate collection of waste, allowing the classification of waste directly at source. The communal waste collected includes primarily paper, plastic and glass. The collection of assorted waste components, both reusable waste and hazardous substances, is done using an intermediate waste depot in the SOUTH area with special collection containers for each type of waste. The collection of assorted waste from individual locations is done by Prague Airport using its own workforce. The waste is collected from the intermediate waste depot by specialised companies for reuse or final discard. A specialised company collects the communal waste produced directly from the containers located at individual airport sites, by access roads and in public places used by passengers (e.g. parking areas). In Terminals 1 and 2, waste management is based on the system of collecting waste into coloured plastic bags. Communal waste (paper, plastic, glass, metal, Tetrapack, kitchen waste and residual communal waste) produced by individual suppliers is separately collected in coloured plastic bags fitted with barcodes which are transported by the cleaning company to the Central Waste Storage located on the ground floor of the Terminal. To make maximum use of the storage facility, the remaining waste is compressed and stored in high-capacity compression containers which, once filled, are transported for final discard. Prague Airport, as the administrator of buildings leased out by the Czech Aeroholding companies, provides at the leased buildings the management of communal waste, which (with the exception of kitchen waste) the airport also produces. The remaining waste must be handled by the tenants in a manner following the established rules and regulations, with the emphasis on their obligation to use at their own expense, authorised companies to collect and discard the waste. As of 1 July 2012, Prague Airport is authorised to conduct business transactions with other and hazardous waste. Airport Carbon Accreditation The main objective of the Airport Carbon Accreditation (ACA) initiative is to support airport operators in their attempts to minimise the production of greenhouse gases from airport activities. Currently, 173 airports worldwide are certified under the ACA programme, annually mapping their carbon footprint and implementing procedures aimed at its reduction. A carbon footprint is the total set of greenhouse gas emission caused by an entity expressed as carbon dioxide (CO2) equivalent. All airports are not equally active in their attempts at reducing greenhouse gas emission from their operations. Therefore, the Airport Carbon Accreditation programme is divided into four levels, such as mapping of the carbon footprint, its reduction and management towards a reduced carbon footprint, optimisation involving third party engagement and carbon neutrality, i.e. a zero carbon footprint. Advancing into Level 3 of the programme, Prague Airport has joined the group of 22 important European airports, including, for example, Frankfurt, Munich, Zurich, Copenhagen and Athens. Shares by Individual Sources Carbon footprint is observed in three SCOPES: SCOPE 1 = direct emissions from airport operations, e.g. fuel and natural gas consumption, emissions from wastewater treatment, losses of coolants during AC use, etc. SCOPE 2 = indirect emissions from electricity consumption originating outside of the airport as a direct result of airport activities. SCOPE 3 = additional indirect emissions originating as a result of airport operations, but not subject to airport ownership and control, including emissions produced during individual flight phases – approach, landing, taxing and take-off (i.e. the LTO cycle), emissions from transport of passengers to/from the airport, employee business trips, use of airport ground machinery, apron operations, etc.", "Link": "https://www.prg.aero/en/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "LIKO-S, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ljunghall s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability means using resources so that the needs of future generations are not destroyed, but that people, the environment and society are respected. We consider sustainability to be the engine of a continuous improvement process that passes over time and boosts economic performance and reputation. Our products are made exclusively from recyclable aluminum alloys, helping to reduce environmental impact. Recycled aluminum requires only 5% of the energy required to produce a new piece of aluminum. We can recycle aluminum countless times. Minimizing energy and chemicals as well as resource efficiency in conjunction with a continuous process of improvement contribute to environmental protection. Our goal is always to use the best available technological processes where possible and financially feasible. Examples of our environmental improvements: supply of liquid aluminum energy saving projects treatment of treated water recycling of materials and packaging Replacing boiling oil with district heating We are, of course, fully certified according to ISO 14001: 2004.", "Link": "https://ljunghall.com/cz/o-ns/"}
{"Company Name": "Lohmann & Rauscher, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Open up opportunities with social sustainability People.Health.Care. is both our tagline and our passion. We live up to our social responsibilities with individualised, long-term programmes for personnel and organisational development as well as for corporate social sponsoring initiatives. L&R’s employees are our company’s most important resources. Values such as trust, reliability and honest interactions with one another form the basis of our leadership and conduct principles. We offer our employees a performance-oriented, stimulating work environment and attractive career development opportunities while helping them to maintain a good work/life balance. In light of our constant growth, we consider it a strategic mission to get talented new professionals enthusiastic about L&R and to get them on board. For our long-term success as a company qualified employees and talented junior staff play a key role. This is why we prioritise targeted career advancement and further training at the L&R Academy. It is an important part of our corporate culture and personnel development strategy. L&R Academy: Advanced skills mean advancement The L&R Academy was founded to promote the transfer of knowledge and experience, both to our employees and to our partners in hospitals and private medical practices. Specially developed programmes on diverse topics provide training in the latest findings in the areas of medicine, patient care and hygiene. Participation from home is also possible thanks to the CME modules in our L&R e-learning programme. Compliance In terms of public perception, medical products rightly come under a microscope because of their high relevance for the society as a whole. At L&R we have high standards for safety, environmental protection, integrity and personnel management. As an international corporate group in the medical sector, we ensure these standards are reviewed and regularly improved by having a company-wide compliance programme. Along with our corporate philosophy, which forms the basis of our actions, and our code of ethics, which establishes the standards for interactions with each other and with our customers and business partners, another key element of our compliance programme is our code of conduct: It requires that all service providers and suppliers of products adhere to the Group’s principles. The company’s employees are also included in the compliance programme and are a part of the compliance training and regular reviews. This responsible business practice forms the basis for long-term financial success. Responsible management of resources of all types L&R is characterised by having a resource-conserving and environmentally friendly corporate structure and production processes: The environment is taken into account throughout our entire value chain. Every year we review our environmental parameters, which include reducing fuel consumption, recycling and programmes for saving energy. As a company in the healthcare sector, we are committed to complying with stringent legal standards and industry regulations. These standards and regulations refer both to safety aspects for healthcare professionals and patients and to environmental aspects such as raw materials, sewage/water, air/climate, energy, environmentally relevant substances and waste/disposal. At each location environmental managers are responsible for complying with defined environmental considerations. An audit of our environmental management each quarter provides the data used to monitor compliance with our environmental guidelines. And it goes without saying that we comply with all laws and regulations in the markets in which we are active. The DIN ISO standards 14001 and 50001 have a very high priority for our Group. The model factory We produce medical devices for regional and international markets at twelve locations around the world. For production in particular we ensure that we use resource-conserving processes and production methods, environmentally friendly materials and logistics which protect the environment and conserve energy. Sustainable in quality and purchasing, reliable due to compliance with guidelines L&R operates on the basis of the internationally recognised and certified quality management system ISO 9001 with defined standards, tested raw materials, purchased parts, components and services. Furthermore, L&R cooperates with a network of efficient and reliable suppliers who comply with the L&R code of conduct. With new technologies, innovations and a keen awareness of costs, we create the conditions for ongoing optimisation of the relevant performance variables of product quality, cost, time and service in the value chain. The rules with respect to transparent business processes with external partners, as well as internal rules of conduct, apply across all locations and around the world. Together with the corporate strategy and philosophy, legally valid compliance guidelines and codes of conduct form the foundation of the compliance programme. In combination with high quality standards, transparent processes for purchasing and procurement and a functional network of L&R employees and external partners, the company is always in compliance. Certifications and audits Companies that operate internationally undergo certification by neutral programmes that evaluate them in terms of topics such as environmental and employee protection. While L&R of course undergoes all legally required and industry standard certifications and registrations – such as through the FDA and TÜV – the company also focuses on the ISO DIN standards and the assessment platforms EcoVadis and Sedex. EcoVadis certificates EcoVadis is a leading provider of assessments in the area of CSR/sustainability. EcoVadis operates the first collaborative CSR assessment platform that enables companies to rate the performance of their suppliers with regard to CSR and sustainability. The methodology used by EcoVadis conforms to international GRI/G4 and ISO 26000 guidelines. In 2015, L&R was given the EcoVadis bronze rating, its first award for its CSR performance. In 2017, L&R received the EcoVadis silver rating. Audit by the Sedex platform Sedex is the second CSR platform on which L&R has its sustainability guidelines and projects rated. The Sedex criteria relate to financial, ecological and social sustainability and include, for example, questions about compliance with tariff agreements, minimum salaries and social insurance contributions, adherence to the ILO core labour standards, about the advancement of women, about the code of conduct, compliance, etc. Financial Sustainability – Creating added value For L&R, sales, earnings and employee trends are balanced in a financially sound way. The efficient use of scarce resources when creating products and services in conjunction with the long-term realisation of profits and protection of the company likewise has the highest priority. For us, adding value means developing effective products, concepts and solutions in constructive collaboration with customers and partners in order to protect and improve our health. Along with innovation and efficiency, sustainability is one of L&R’s main corporate values. We work for people’s health. A major driver of our business activities is continuous improvement and helping ensure that increasing numbers of people can access an advanced healthcare system. Demographic shifts, an ageing society, increasing mobility and networking are developments with which companies in the healthcare industry in particular must grapple. The L&R Group accepts this challenge: sustainable and forward-looking and as a reliable partner and problem solver in the areas of medicine and hygiene.", "Link": "https://www.lohmann-rauscher.com/en/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Louda Auto a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lučební závody Draslovka a.s. Kolín", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lyreco CE, SE organizační složka", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "L & L Products, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "L U K R A M s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "EACH - Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances REACH is an initiative in Europe to gather information on all chemicals used in Europe and potentially restrict the use of hazardous chemicals across all industries. Belden is committed to meeting all of the legal requirements under REACH. The candidate list of Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) is ever changing. Download the latest REACH Declaration. To find out more about the REACH regulation, visit the European Commission's REACH website. REACH - Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction of Chemical Substances RoHS - Restriction on Hazardous Substances Belden strives consistently to stay ahead of the curve on the government RoHS regulations. To check compliance on a specific Belden part number, enter the part number in the search area of the eCatalog. Each RoHS-compliant product also offers the option of printing a product-specific RoHS certificate. If you need a certificate of RoHs compliance for a special part number, one can be provided upon request. Belden Connectivity maintains product compliance status for Restriction on Hazardous Substances in the International markets such as China and Europe. RoHS - Restriction on Hazardous Substances Global Environmental Product Requirements In order to meet global environmental product requirements - in part specified by the European Union's Restriction on Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive, the European Union's End-of-Life Vehicle Directive (ELV), the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive, California Proposition 65, and China RoHS - Belden has developed a restricted materials specification to encompass all raw materials, parts, components or products that are ultimately incorporated into Belden product.", "Link": "https://www.belden.com/resources/news/topic/csr"}
{"Company Name": "L'OCCITANE Central Europe s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "ACTIONS Emmanuel Osti, Managing Director of the L’OCCITANE Group, clearly expressed the direction of the Group to all employees: \"To develop beauty brands that are increasingly respectful of Man and Nature.\" The L’OCCITANE Group's CSR governance has been shaped in such a way that the CSR policy, objectives and action plans are established at the highest level of the organization, so that they can then be adapted at all levels. With a focus on continuous improvement, they can be revised with the Group's General Management and communicated to our external stakeholders through the publication of a CSR report on our website. The CSR Steering Committee is made up of members at the highest level of the Group's organization and oversees all parties that have a role to play in implementing the Group's CSR objectives. During the 2012-13 fiscal year, four CSR Steering Committee meetings were held, with one every three months. Formalizing our CSR commitments The Group's commitments to sustainable development have always been illustrated, first and foremost, by concrete actions throughout the entire organization, and have naturally reflected the values that guide and drive us. More recently, we wanted to formalize these commitments by voluntarily signing up to the United Nations Global Compact. We signed the Compact in October 2011 and, since 2012, we have published – on the United Nations website – the progress of actions taken relating to the ten principles of the Global Compact. This is also a way for us to exchange good practices with all the signatories of the Global Compact. L’OCCITANE is keen to keep progressing in terms of its responsible practices and to share ideas with other companies that are driven by the same cause. It is a founding member of a club called \"Génération Responsable\", whose members are mainly retail companies. L’OCCITANE is a signatory of the CSR charter of this Club. This means that it must report to a supervisory committee, made up of members of the association, to keep them informed of its ongoing progress in terms of meeting the commitments of the charter. As a responsible player in the economy, the L’OCCITANE Group has identified Purchasing as a significant challenge and a means to contributing to sustainable social and economic development. L’OCCITANE is strongly anchored in the geographical roots –the territory – of the brand. This, combined with its strong growth, makes it a true jewel in the crown of French industry, and its economic dynamism is particularly beneficial to the French and European economic fabric. Many parties are involved in the Purchasing process, from defining needs to collaborating with the approved supplier: Marketing, Merchandising, Concept, Packaging Development, R&D, Purchasing, Planning, etc. In 2012, the Purchasing Management team, in collaboration with the CSR department, began a cycle of Responsible Purchasing in-house training sessions aimed at all parties involved in this process. The aim of this training was to ensure that all teams concerned were familiar with the relevant knowledge, tools, and the Group vision of Responsible Purchasing. By the end of the 2012 fiscal year, 42 people had been given this training. With the aim of sharing its values and commitments with its suppliers, the L’OCCITANE Group asks each one to sign the Corporate Social Responsibility Charter before any new commercial partnership. This charter has been developed around the themes of the UN Global Compact: compliance with labour, health & safety and environmental standards, and respect for business ethics. At the end of the 2012-13 fiscal year, the results compiled showed that 94% of expenses in the areas of sub-contracting, packaging, raw materials and merchandising were covered by the CSR Charter for suppliers. For the past three years, L’OCCITANE has been a partner of the Sustainable Sourcing in the Network Environment chair, piloted by Kedge Business School (ex-Euromed Management), alongside two other partners, SNCF and Sodexo, and three NGOs: Max Havelaar, WWF and Extramuros.", "Link": "https://group.loccitane.com/sites/default/files/2017-11/FY2012-CSR%20Report-EN.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "L'ORÉAL Česká republika s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "As part of L’Oréal’s sustainability programme, Sharing Beauty With All, launched in 2013, the Group set itself a series of tangible commitments towards 2020. They address all its impacts and engage its whole value chain – from product design to distribution, including the production process and the sourcing of raw materials.REDUCING THE ENVIRONMENTAL FOOTPRINT OF OUR FORMULAS By 2020, 100% of our products will have an improved environmental or social profile. One way for researchers to achieve this is by measuring and improving our formulas’ biodegradability and water footprint. The challenge for our chemists is to invent new molecules that are both efficient and eco-friendly. Invented in 1998 by two American chemists, Paul Anastas and John Warner, green chemistry is a soft and clean chemistry, aiming at a minimal environmental impact. L’Oréal was the first player in the cosmetics industry to integrate this concept in its innovation model. The challenge for our chemists is to invent new high-performance molecules that are environment-friendly. AN APPROACH BASED ON THREE PILLARS L’Oréal’s approach is built upon three pillars: Using primarily botanical, and therefore renewable, raw materials Developing eco-friendly processes. To this end, L’Oréal’s researchers are committed to reducing the number of synthesis steps as well as solvent and energy consumption. Developing ingredients with favourable environmental profiles. Eco-design helps improve the formulas’ environmental profiles, particularly by increasing their biodegradability and reducing the water footprint. To track progress in its application of green chemistry, L’Oréal has developed a set of indicators that the Group uses to calculate the atom economy, the amount of waste per kilogramme of manufactured product, the created ingredient’s renewable carbon content and the environmental risk generated by the final compound. The challenge for our chemists is to invent new molecules that are both efficient and eco-friendly. NEW ACTIVE INGREDIENTS By using green chemistry, L’Oréal has developed new active ingredients that would not have been made possible with traditional chemistry. After developing Pro-Xylane, an anti-ageing ingredient obtained from a sawdust-derived sugar, in 2006, the chemists at L’Oréal continued to explore the realm of sugar chemistry. This is how they subsequently developed Rhamnose, carrageenans and the family of C-glycosides. 43% of products created or renovated by L’Oréal in 2018 have an improved environmental profile thanks to a new formula that uses renewable raw materials that are sustainably sourced or derived from green chemistry. And 27% (in terms of volume) of the raw materials used in 2018 are obtained according to the principles of green chemistry.", "Link": "https://www.loreal.hk/en-hk/csr-commitments"}
{"Company Name": "LA composite, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LABE WOOD s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LAC, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lagardere Travel Retail, a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our points of sale, located in open locations, are equipped with latest-generation glazing, employing cutting-edge technology to save energy and control temperature all year long. Our lighting solutions in particular are optimized to save energy through the positioning of light bulbs and the use of luminous materials and light deflectors. Logistics flows are optimized to reduce our carbon footprint: advanced management of delivery tours and shared procurement management has reduced the number of kilometers traveled. It requires knowledge of highly elaborate production techniques and the ability to recognize quality, as well as familiarity with numerous rules relating to food hygiene and safety. Rigorous audits are carried out in a number of countries by Eurofins, an international expert in food safety, to define action plans and targets per country. Ten countries were audited by Eurofins in 2017. Since food safety is everyone’s responsibility, every operational staff member – including Lagardère Travel Retail’s Executive Committee – has also received training that stresses the importance of the subject. This decision is the result of a close collaboration with French charity L214 and The Humane League, an international organization with which we have established a relationship of mutual trust. Those organizations are committed to reducing animal cruelty, particularly by improving the conditions in which animals are raised. We will soon extend our actions to other categories of sensitive food products and are in the process of assessing the environmental and social performance of our suppliers in collaboration with the independent organization Ecovadis. For example: in France we regularly partner with Action Against Hunger, through fundraising campaigns in our points of sale and by taking part in the Action Against Hunger sports challenge. The funds raised go to children suffering from malnutrition. in North America we partner with Make-A-Wish. Through cash contributions and donations in kind, we strive to make dreams come true for seriously ill children, brightening their lives in difficult times. The company is an active member of the LL network, initiated by the Lagardère group. The network’s aim is to promote gender diversity at every level of the hierarchy. Women hold 43% of executive management roles in the Lagardère group. The LL network is built around networking events, workshops, personal and professional master classes, and inspiring conferences. It also offers mentoring programs for women, led by Group Executive Managers (men or women) over a 12-month period. Just a year after it was launched, the LL network now has 385 members.", "Link": "https://www.lagardere-tr.com/en/about-us/corporate-social-responsability"}
{"Company Name": "Lagermax spedice a logistika s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "BY CONFESSING TO OUR COMMON GUIDELINES, WE ARE GIVING THE LAGERMAX GROUP A FOUNDATION THAT SECURES OUR LONG-TERM POSITION OF SUCCESS. Lagermax is an owner-managed group and stands for entrepreneurial personalities for reliability and continuity. Our ambition is to provide personal commitment and logistics services economically and successfully and with high customer value. As an international group of companies, Lagermax provides logistical system services with high competence. As an internationally active group of companies, we provide logistics system services with a high level of competence. We are cooperation partners for our customers and contribute to an environmentally friendly, reliable and cost-efficient fulfilment of tasks along the value chain. The Lagermax Internationale Spedition GmbH is certified as per EN ISO 9001:2015 and EN ISO 14001:2015. Our Villach site is certified as per SQAS (Safety and Quality Assessment for Sustainability). In addition, employees are also in the process area HACCP (Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points), as part of the quality management system.", "Link": "https://www.lagermax.com/en/lagermax-group/group-information/quality-environmental-management/"}
{"Company Name": "LANDMARK HOLDING a.s.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "We’re deeply committed to making a difference. At the Landmark Group, we believe in conducting our business responsibly, to ensure the wellbeing of our communities and the society we operate in. Touching the lives of millions. As a group, we're committed to making positive changes within the organization. We're deeply aware of our responsibilities towards our stakeholders, the environment and society. With this in mind, we're constantly striving to find new ways to improve the lives of our communities, while reducing the environmental impact of our activities. Be the change A natural evolution of the Landmark Happiness Movement, our Sustainability Report is a step towards reinstating our values and moving ahead on our journey to create a sustainable business for our people and environment. Health and wellbeing We assist and encourage people to improve their health and wellness.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LaparoTech Instruments s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LASSELSBERGER, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LAUFEN CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABLE QUALITY LAUFEN products that allow water, a precious resource, to be used sparingly and therefore demonstrates its commitment to preserving natural resources. It therefore places priority on environmentally-friendly production, using the resources (energy, raw material and water) in the most effective way throughout the whole manufacturing process. This optimization of resources needed for manufacturing already starts during the development of new product concepts and their technical development. In Austria, LAUFEN was awarded the \"EMAS Environment Prize 2007\" for its exemplary environmental management. The Swiss factory in LAUFEN has carried the label of the Swiss Energy Agency for Industry (EnAW) since 2006, which recognizes it as a company which is actively committed to voluntary climate protection. LAUFEN also actively looks for environmentally friendly solutions for many of its bathroom products. LAUFEN, however, also places a great deal of emphasis on making products of outstanding quality – as numerous internationally-recognized product certificates and standards testify. The Swiss Q-Plus symbol certifies compliance of our products with the European standard and the established more exacting Swiss standard. This is an important aspect for LAUFEN, as only durable, low-wear products deserve to be called environmentally-friendly – after all, avoidance comes before recycling. LAUFEN thus helps customers to live in harmony with the environment and reduce energy costs. Our products therefore also feature the latest energy and water-saving technologies, such as the newest generation of water-saving WCs: several LAUFEN toilets flush using an optional 4.5 or 3 litres dual flush system as opposed to 6 or 3 litres conventional WCs. We also have particularly efficient urinals that require no more than 1 litre of water for flushing. For the public sector, we even have urinals with a special low-maintenance siphon: 0-litre solution. It goes without saying that, in the interests of sustainability, the catalogue is printed on FSC certified paper sourced from sustainable forest management.", "Link": "https://www.laufen.com/en/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "LAURYN s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Sustainability In CELSA Group™ we are very serious about care for nature, our environment, using natural resources, the people who work with us and in society in general. All the companies that operate under the CELSA Group™ brand are aware of our social and environmental responsibility, so we reaffirm day by day our commitment to sustainable development and the circular economy. Our duty is to recognize those responsibilities in social, environmental and economic matters to ensure an optimal quality of life for both current and future generations. “We recycle more than 8 million tons of scrap annually, which would mean melting a row of cars that would wrap around the world (approx. 40,000 km)” ENVIRONMENT AND ENERGY CELSA Group™ aspires to excellence in environmental management. In recent years, we have been working to implement the most demanding environmental management systems, such as the EMAS European Registry, or participate in the World Steel Association´s Action for the Climate Program. CIRCULAR ECONOMY AND RECYCLING We recycle over eight million tons of ferrous scrap annually. Because of this, we can avoid the accumulation of waste in landfills and we can still obtain high-value steel products for companies without having to waste natural resources. HEALTH AND SAFETY Beyond the fulfilment of legal requirements for prevention of occupational risks in CELSA Group™, we have been incorporating a whole series of programs into our Management System of Safety and Occupational Health that will allow us to move towards our Zero Accidents objective. PEOPLE AND SOCIETY In CELSA Group™ we fully respect the personal and family life of all employees and promote policies that facilitate the best balance for the sake of our employees´ personal lives and their responsibilities at work.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lázně Poděbrady, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LB Cemix, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LB MINERALS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The sustainable development strategy in the company LB MINERALS The company LB MINERALS, s.r.o. decided to adopt and enforce compliance with the principles of sustainable development and fully integrate these principles and reflected in its long-term strategy and vision development. Of course, as with any business entity must be our vision based on efficiency, sustainable profitability, focus on the interests of customers and growth based on profit making. In addition to this pillar, however, we do not want to miss the next two basic principles SDS, and environmental responsibility and social development. Sustainable development means for us not only to focus on the economic results of the business, but also to take into account the needs and interests of our employees, business partners and its surroundings. Sustainable development is therefore not understood purely as a responsibility to the environment, but a wider responsibility to society. With the support of the owners and top management we integrate these principles into all company strategy as a business strategy, production and investment strategies, human resource management and occupational safety, environmental protection and TQM. An integral part of the overall management system and society is also the integration of corporate culture, some form of ethical code of conduct and anti-corruption. The achievement of these objectives is not easy, especially with the knowledge of the current economic stagnation, especially in the construction sector of the economy. Therefore, our aims and objectives in other chapters of this company strategy have been involved into the short-term (1–2 years) and long term (3 –10 years) tasks. Their fulfillment is and certainly will be very demanding, often difficult due to some legal uncertainty generated by the state, e.g. in the mining and energy sectors. We are fully aware of the difficulty of tasks and their risks. On the other hand, it is also a challenge and a commitment to continue in more than 130-year-old, successful entrepreneurial tradition of our ancestors. Individual partial strategies and challenges have been analyzed and defined in the following chapters. The international standards of facts GRI and their identifiers have been taken into account in determining both short- and long-term goals and objectives. I would like to thank everyone who supports our company in achieving this vision, to our customers, suppliers and partners. Special thanks belong to our employees who fulfill these tasks and strategies by their daily work and who enable the company to meet its commitments to build a sustainable future, even in these difficult times.", "Link": "https://www.lb-minerals.cz/en/about-company/responsibility#c"}
{"Company Name": "learn2grow s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEBECO, a.s.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEGAL INVEST GROUP a.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEGO Group", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "At the LEGO Group, we’re playing our part in building a sustainable future and creating a better, brighter world for our children to inherit. Find out how we’re inspiring the children of today to become the builders of tomorrow through the power of play. We strive to reduce the CO2 emissions from making LEGO bricks. We do this by increasing carbon efficiency and investing in onsite and offsite renewables. We are proud to maintain our 100% renewable energy milestone due to the investments in offshore wind in Germany and the UK by our parent company KIRKBI A/S. Energy output from investments in renewables currently exceeds the energy used at our factories, offices and stores. So, what have we done recently? We’ve changed the entire lighting system at our factory in Mexico, fitting more than 19,000 high-efficient LED lightbulbs which cover the whole production floor. This saves more than 1,300 tonnes of CO2 emissions annually. Solar panels We installed a roof-based renewable energy system including more than 3,500 solar panels at our 48,000-meter squared factory In Kladno, Czech Republic. These panels cover six production halls and mean we can reduce our CO2 emissions by more than 500 tons annually. Factory with moulding machines We installed an innovative new cooling system at our Danish factory that pulls in outside ambient air and uses it to cool the production process of moulding LEGO bricks. This system minimizes the need for a refrigerant-based system and provides a significant energy reduction of more than 538,000 kWh, the equivalent of an annual CO2 emission reduction of more than 500 tons. To tackle environmental issues in our supply chain we run the Engage-to-Reduce program, which aims to lower our suppliers’ carbon emissions. We help suppliers report data and identify carbon reduction projects specific to their business. In 2020, we will also be working with them to reduce water use and forestry impacts. LEGO campus The LEGO Campus in Billund, phase 1 of which opened in 2019, meets leading Danish and international environmental building requirements. For example, by using stronger plasterboard in its construction we saved 22,000 kg of steel and 353,000 kg of CO2 emissions. Over 4,000 solar panels were installed on the roof of the car park, ensuring the LEGO Campus will meet leading standards for sustainability. The panels cover 6,500m² and will produce more than 1 million kWh of energy every year. This will provide approximately 50% of the energy needs of our LEGO Campus – that’s enough electricity to power 200 households. Don’t let it go to waste We strive to reduce the amount of waste generated from our operations, and by 2025, our ambition is to ensure no waste from any LEGO factory, office, or store will reach landfill. We aim to do this by both reducing waste and increasing how much we recycle We strive to create a responsible place of work for our employees, one in which they can thrive and be their best. We focus on making our workplaces inclusive, safe and motivating, where only the highest standards of ethical business behaviour are maintained. We want all employees to be proud to work for the LEGO Group and help us build a diverse organisation that helps us reach and inspire children, regardless of who they are or where they come from. A diverse and inclusive workplace It is our ambition to build a diverse and inclusive organization that helps us reach and inspire all children, regardless of who they are or where they come from.", "Link": "https://www.lego.com/en-us/aboutus/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "LEGS CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lékaři bez hranic", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "VOLUNTEERING I started with Doctors Without Borders after the Armenian earthquake of December 1988. It was supposed to be a short volunteer assignment. Some temporary parenthesis in a busy life. But I eventually found myself living five consecutive years of a nomad life—with nothing but a blue sports bag to hold my possessions—from crisis to crisis. From Armenia to Uganda, from Zaire to Somalia, from Sierra Leone to Bosnia. I was not a caregiver, since they don’t teach basic medical skills at Stanford Business School, but I progressively came to enroll the support of medical volunteers and coordinators, and I came to direct emergency and refugee operations involving primary health care support, acute nutrition programs, epidemics control, refugee assistance and war surgery, often amidst political turmoil. I made friends of all cultures around the world, from the ruins of Armenia to the war-torn streets of Mogadishu. It had become my life; it was the best I could have ever dreamt: it reconciled my soul with my work, my values with my personal challenges. Everyone volunteers initially for a different reason. It can be the search for new challenges or new meaning, or the accomplishment of an old dream, or the need to serve, or the appeal of traveling, of meeting new faces, of feeling part of the planet's humanity. One of my Argentinean colleagues once said something that really made sense to me. He said, \" I am not trying to do anything cosmic, like saving the world. I believe one can help with little steps, a small grain here, a small grain there\". This is so true, every single person you help, every life you save, every suffering you alleviate, makes the trip worthwhile. And it's important that they'd be people willing to travel 6000 miles from their homes to tie bandages, it's important because it shows respect for life and humanity, without discrimination. You live for yourself and you discover other people in the process. The grand ideas and the altruistic but distant feelings for that other half of humanity that we might have before we leave are completely transformed by working in the field. You develop a sense of proximity and solidarity to those who suffer on this other side of earth, now your neighbor, and thrive on the challenges you have to face to bring relief to the most endangered, the most destitute. Landing a relief plane in Eastern Congo can be an even sweeter victory than a wildly successful IPO! And being deprived of first-world comfort can be taxing but it can also raise a hot shower to the level of an ecstatic experience! You also have a new fire within yourself: outrage and a sense of urgency. For example, as a volunteer you would see the devastating injuries to children from landmines. When there's more, when you’ll see the \"made in USA\" stamp on them, you’ll be ashamed and outraged, and you'll be a campaigner to ban landmine all your life, when you return to your family medical practice or your business in San Francisco or Oakland! So let me make a first pitch right here: As of May 24, 1999, the Mine Ban Treaty had been signed by 135 countries, and ratified by 81 nations. In the Americas, only the United States and Cuba have not signed the Treaty. The other recalcitrant nations, including Russia, China, Iraq, and Iran, continue to hide under the shadow of the non-signature of the United States. It is crucial to the effort to universalize the ban on landmines, and I invite you all to support the organizations pressing the U.S. government to shift its current position and to agree to join the Mine Ban Treaty now! Since we’re transitioning from the personal to the global, I want to bring our conversation to a different plane. First having a look at global health, focusing on access to essential medicine, and moving on to the challenges in civil wars and the state of humanitarianism. DISEASES WITHOUT BORDERS When Médecins Sans Frontières was established almost 30 years ago, the medical community was setting for itself the ambitious goal of the eradication of disease and the rise of life expectancy worldwide. \"Health for All, 2000\" was the slogan by the end of the seventies, when humanity was triumphantly announcing the eradication of smallpox. Similarly, the optimism was pervasive in economics and development circles, and in the Bretton Woods institutions claiming that sound economic modernization would improve health status in developing nations. These ideologies did not pass the test of time. Instead we must realize that while the gap between the have and the have-nots is expending rapidly, we also re-entered the era of \"disease without borders\". That’s how Laurie Garrett chose to label our new era where \"every day one million people cross an international border, and as people move, unwanted microbial hitchhikers tag along. Geographic sequestration was crucial in all post-war health planning, but diseases can no longer be expected to remain in their country or region of origin. Even before commercial air travel, swine flu in 1918-19 managed to circumnavigate the planet five times in 18 months, killing 22 million people, 500,000 in the United States. How many more victims could a similarly lethal strain of influenza claim [now], when some half a billion passengers [a year] board airline flights?\"1 The reemergence of infectious disease and the growth of scope of the refugee crisis, are two lethal factors whose combination were well portrayed by the cholera crisis in the Rwandan refugee camps and to some extent by the Ebola and Marburgh scares in recent years. But another factor, changing the profile of the challenges awaiting international medical teams, is the growth of the urban population worldwide. Whereas 23 million people were displaced in 1994 by social unrest or war, another 30 million moved from rural to urban areas within their own country. There are new tremendous challenges lying in the actual heart of the developing world’s exploding cities. By 2025 more than 5 billion people, i.e. 61% of the world’s population will be living in cities2. Meanwhile, from Cairo to the Bronx, from Kinshasa to Moscow, public health systems are collapsing under the new influx in population, in particular the primary health-care system, which is the most important gateway for the control of infectious diseases. From onchocercosis to TB, from Guinea worm to Yellow Fever, from Polio to AIDS, it is striking to realize none of us believes anymore in inevitable eradication process as we did 10 years ago, and instead see the challenge is ahead. And there are serious obstacles on the way. Some of them lie right here, in our backyard! The policies of US drug manufacturers so far translate directly into a deadly diagnostic for millions of people, enunciated as \" you’re dying of market failure\". Let me explain. YOU’RE DYING OF MARKET FAILURE Treatable communicable diseases such as tuberculosis, meningitis, and pneumonia are still the leading causes of death in the developing world.3 In fact more than 90% of all death and suffering from infectious diseases occurs in the developing world. Millions are dying because of several reasons—lack of research and development for neglected diseases, and lack of access to lifesaving medicines for known diseases. LACK OF RESEARCH Research for neglected diseases has ground to a virtual halt. Little research is being carried out on tropical and other infectious diseases like malaria and sleeping sickness that largely affect people in poor nations, because drugs for such illnesses are not profitable for pharmaceutical companies. Out of 1,223 new drugs brought onto the market worldwide between 1975 and 1997, only 13 were for tropical diseases. Access to medicines for these communicable diseases is critical, infectious diseases kill 17 million people a year and in Africa for example, infectious diseases account for more than 60% of the deaths. Yet, there is no money for research as research dollars focus on the lucrative lifestyle drugs for the profitable developed world markets.4 LACK OF ACCESS TO LIFESAVING MEDICINES Even when effective treatments exist, as they do for diseases like multidrug-resistant tuberculosis and many AIDS-related infections, when lifesaving medicines are available, they are simply too expensive, due in large part to patent protection and pricing strategies aligning on the wealthiest markets. A lucrative market for lifesaving drugs addressing infectious diseases simply does not exist in the developing world despite the fact that more than 90 percent of all deaths and suffering from infectious diseases occurs there. In summary, \"Our patients are dying, not because their diseases are incurable, but because as consumers, they do not provide a viable market for pharmaceutical products. Clearly, market forces alone are not enough to address the need for affordable medicines or to stimulate research and development for neglected diseases. This market failure is our new challenge.\"5 Our intuition was that progress would come from a confluence of efforts: public mobilization, public-private partnerships and regulation. Two years ago, at Doctors without Borders, we initiated a campaign to develop \"Access to Essential Medicine\", partnering with activists groups, academics, philanthropic institutions, corporate interest groups (drug manufacturers and associations), the media and governmental institutions such as the World Bank to stimulate development and appropriate pricing of drugs for the developing world. Together we must ensure that trade of essential medicines is regulated in the interest of public health. We are not questioning the importance of patents in stimulating research and development, but rather we are insisting that a balance be found between protecting intellectual property and ensuring individuals’ access to medicines. And we are seeking to provide an impetus for both policy development and practical solutions to specific access problems. The progress is very encouraging. In civil society circles, activist movements have taken on the cause. Academics and economists such as Jeffrey Sachs have registered the urgency and scope of the problem and are brainstorming for solutions. On the political spectrum, Al Gore and Bill Clinton, after having erred with policies that supported the US Trade Representatives bully of developing world governments on behalf of US pharmaceutical companies, turned the official US policy around. On the corporate horizon, a few drug companies are finally moving forward towards practical, responsible partnership, finally freed from regressive rhetoric. We are not far enough yet, and we could use all the help to convince such firms as Pfizer and Bristol Myers Squibb that to price out of live saving medicines entire generations of men and women around the world is neither more nor better business in the short and in the long run. But at least, with a few, we’re beyond good PR for charitable donations, we’re entering at last—and hopefully for good—the realm of corporate responsibility. What the world essentially needs now is not so much more charity as more responsibility for structural change. WAR ZONES: UNCIVIL CIVIL WARS Most of these public health crises, where Doctors Without Borders operate, occur in poor countries. When I say poor, I never know how my Silicon Valley friends understand it. The frame of reference here is so warped. Did you know that the wealth of the world’s 3 richest individuals is greater than the combined GDP of the 48 poorest countries, a quarter of the states on the planet? That among the 100 largest economies in the world, 5 are corporations, not countries? That 3 billion people—half of the planet—live on less than 2 dollars a day? That many mothers in stable but poor areas of the planet can only feed their children erratically, sometimes only two, three meals a week, and the rest of the time have the children would suck sugar cane or whatever could help alleviate hunger? It is in these same poor countries that the most uncivil civil wars are being waged. Sometimes rich in natural resources, always rich in culture, these countries have failed in the modern political economy. Failed redistribution, failed accountability and the cycles of exclusion, denial of rights, and aggression escalate. In a world where conflicts have less to do with territory than with economic control and identity of a nation, civilians have become both pawns and targets for the belligerents. Our volunteers are witness to the fact that the toll on civilians is extraordinary. In 1990, civilians represented 90% of war casualties, almost half of them children. Civilians have become the prime targets of opportunistic violence, raiding, looting by militias and military troops. Even worse, they have become strategic stakes in these wars. Forced displacement, sieges, starvation, indiscriminate bombing, massacres and even maiming campaigns and rape, have become frequent tools of war. Forty million people are displaced by conflicts, most of them resourceless and traumatized. Eighty percent of them are women and children. Displacement easily leads to 30 fold increases in mortality. The children under 5 are the first to die. Their elders, if they stay alive, are often stripped of their dignity and rights. Surviving on humanitarian assistance is no great solution. In public health terms, being a refugee in a camp, being dependent of food aid, is a most precarious condition that often leads to excess mortality and morbidity. In human terms it’s unbearable. Some of our patients, children and adults alike, the most traumatized, cannot face their fate, cannot even ask for help, cannot even receive help, they sit and stare and let themselves die. ON HUMANITARIANISM AND MSF Humanitarianism occurs where political processes have failed or are in crisis, leading to such situations as war, community violence, or the marginalization of a minority group. Our task is the short-term relief of the suffering caused by political failure seeking out the most vulnerable first. It is an impartial act out of human solidarity provided on the basis of need alone, regardless of ethnic origin, gender, creed or political affiliation. The Nobel Peace Prize Committee singled out the work of Doctors Without Borders/Médecins Sans Frontières not only for its relief operations but also for its will to bear witness, call public attention to humanitarian catastrophes and point to the causes of such disasters thus helping form bodies of opinion opposed to violations and abuses of power. This is an essential, defining feature of the organization, grounded in its birth in the Biafra crisis. We have a commitment bear witness for massive violations of human rights and humanitarian law. We espouse a new concept of vocal impartiality, definitely taking distance from the humanitarian dogma on neutrality that made the Red Cross a silent witness of the Holocaust. Keeping frontlines and militia checkpoints open to relief teams to operate on all sides of the conflict while bearing witness when aid is no longer enough is a challenging exercise. To ensure our capacity to do so we had to secure total independence from political, economic and other interfering agendas. To maintain its independence from political interference, Médecins Sans Frontières built, worldwide, a pool of individual and private supporters who guarantee that the majority of the organization’s funds is independent of governments and other organized interests. This private funding also gives us the freedom to respond to the greatest needs as fast as possible. We are hard-pressed to make sure that in this confusing and unkind world, at least humanitarian teams can reach populations in danger, assess independently the needs, deploy assistance impartially, and monitor the impact of their work to make sure it helps the most vulnerable. That’s what we call ensuring \"humanitarian space\" at the heart of the conflicts. At the beginning, the organization was just a couple of doctors, a suitcase and a dream. Today it is the largest private emergency medical organization by the sheer size of its operations, number of its volunteers, presence worldwide. We’ve built hundreds of guidelines, conceived protocols of intervention, worked with the best of the world’s epidemiologists to certify the quality of our work, trained thousands of volunteers. We’ve had to deal with political, military, economic realities and technical challenges that stretch our capacities in a renewed fashion at every major crisis. But we’ve refused the temptation of hyper professionalism. Our actions are and will still be carried out by volunteers. Trained volunteers yes, qualified doctors and nurses, supervised by a cadre of experts, but still, at heart, volunteers. They help us question again and again and revisit anew the old ethical debates. \"Our volunteers and staff live and work among people whose dignity is violated every day. These volunteers choose freely to use their liberty to make the world a more bearable place. Despite grand debates on world order, the act of humanitarianism comes down to one thing: individual human beings reaching out to those others who find themselves in the most difficult circumstances. And they reach out one bandage at a time, one suture at a time, and one vaccination at a time. And for Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders, this means also telling the world of the injustice that they have seen. All this, in the hope that the cycles of violence and destruction will not continue endlessly.6 Ethics and humanity are of the essence, and there is no guideline, no textbook for this. It is a fragile group dynamic that needs to be sustained daily. That’s what will keep the humanitarian movement alive. That’s where the human adventure is too.", "Link": "https://www.doctorswithoutborders.org/what-we-do/news-stories/research/global-health-and-humanitarianism"}
{"Company Name": "Lesostavby Frýdek-Místek a. s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEŠTINA CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LETIŠTĚ BRNO a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Leveris s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LEVIOR s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "LHMS spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lidé a Příležitosti s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Lidl Česká republika v.o.s.", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "every step makes a difference. At Lidl, it is our mission to offer our communities high quality products at low prices. And for us, sustainability is a key indicator of quality. In this regard, we hold ourselves to a high standard and aim to provide transparency around our sustainability initiatives, so you can make more informed decisions. Feeding America Lidl is proud to partner with Feeding America to reduce food waste and food insecurity in our communities by donating overstock, short-dated items or products with lightly damaged packaging to local food banks within the Feeding America network. Since launching our first stores in 2017, Lidl has donated more than 4 million pounds of food to Feeding America-affiliated food banks within our communities. How2Recycle® labels on our packaging To encourage our customers to join us in taking steps for environmental sustainability, we have partnered with How2Recycle® to provide clear recycling information on our product packaging. When packaging has multiple components, for example a plastic tray inside a paper box, we provide recycling information for both. third-party certifications Building upon our environmental stewardship and social responsibility pledge, we’ve sought the endorsement of several prominent organizations in order to offer products that align with our Sustainability vision. Each product in our stores that features a certification seal has met specific requirements set by the certifying organization. These organizations set standards and best practices around overfishing, organic farming and production, sustainable harvesting, fair trade, and more. The labels you’ll find on our products are how we communicate that information—in other words, those small seals are a pretty big deal. Below, we explain what each label, seal, and sticker means. We also explain which categories are most likely to feature these certifications. USDA Organic Certified products are grown and processed according to federal guidelines encompassing many defining factors, including soil quality, animal raising practices, pest and weed control, and use of additives. Certain manufacturing processes are also restricted, including genetic engineering, the use of “sewage sludge” (the solid residue in wastewater), and ionized radiation. Non-GMO Project Genetically modified organisms (GMOs) are living organisms whose genetic material has been artificially manipulated in a laboratory through genetic engineering. The Non-GMO Project Product Verification Program is North America’s only third-party verification for non-GMO food and products. The Non-GMO Project Standard requires testing of individual ingredients or precursors, not finished products. Rainforest Alliance Products with the little green frog seal are grown on farms that implement environmentally and socially responsible practices. The Rainforest Alliance Certified™ seal indicates that a farm or forest has been audited to meet rigorous social, economic, and environmental criteria that conserve biodiversity, and protect soils, waterways and wildlife habitat while supporting the wellbeing of workers, their families and communities. UTZ UTZ certification is bestowed on coffee, tea, cocoa, and hazelnuts that adhere to UTZ’s criteria for farming methods, working conditions, and sustainability. Not only does UTZ periodically audit UTZ-approved food facilities, but it inspects conditions during the growing and harvesting of crops, and throughout the chain of custody from farm to store. RSPO The Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) is a nonprofit organization that enforces a uniform standard for the production of sustainable palm oil. According to the RSPO, some palm oil production plants have displaced communities or promoted deforestation; the RSPO trademark is confirmation that the product contains certified material or supports the responsible production of palm oil, safeguarding social interests and the environment. Fairtrade International Fairtrade International attempts to establish fairness in the farming and food production economies, where it is often lacking. With standards for labor (from small-scale producers to traders), climate, and textiles, the organization aims to reduce poverty and empower producers of goods in the world’s poorest countries. It also adheres to the universal principle of fair trade: that partnerships among producers, traders, businesses, and consumers lead to ethical and mutually beneficial trade. True Source Certified Honey Honey that has been certified by True Source Honey has been audited by its third-party auditors and undergone its voluntary system of traceability, which tracks the honey from the consumer through the supply chain, to the country of origin, all the way to the beekeeper. Its seal of approval certifies that the sourcing practices are in full compliance with the True Source Certified Standards of ethical sourcing based on US and International trade laws. seafood certifications All our fresh and frozen fish is either certified sustainable or responsibly farmed. Certifications apply to our core assortment of fresh and frozen seafood. Marine Stewardship Council The Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) is the world’s leading certifier of sustainable wild-caught seafood. • contributes to the health of the world’s oceans • recognizes and rewards well-managed fisheries for sustainable fishing practices • supports practices that reduce impact to marine animals and their ecosystems Best Aquaculture Practices Aquaculture Practices (BAP) is one of the most trusted, respected and comprehensive third-party aquaculture certification programs in the world. • certifies safe, responsible and ethically sourced seafood • certification covers environmental responsibility, social accountability, food safety and animal welfare • consistently increases the global supply of responsible, farm-raised seafood Aquaculture Stewardship Council The Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC) is an independent, international non-profit organization that manages the world’s leading certification and labelling program for responsible aquaculture. • promotes best practices for aquaculture • develops standards to address key environmental impacts of farming • sets requirements for worker’s rights and protects communities around certified farms sourcing responsibly Sourcing responsibly allows us to improve the quality of products so that we are able to offer the best option to our customers. We’re continuously working to expand our quality standards. Here are examples of how we are doing so: cage-free eggs Currently, we provide consumers with the option of purchasing cage-free eggs at all Lidl US stores. Additionally, by 2025 we are committed to offering a 100% cage-free shell egg assortment. GMOs Genetically modified organisms or GMOs are any organisms whose genetic makeup has been modified through genetic engineering. The FDA has demonstrated that foods from genetically engineered plant varieties are safe for consumption. However, for those looking to avoid genetically engineered foods, we carry a constantly growing selection of items which are produced with practices that avoid the use of GMOs. Consumers who wish to minimize GMOs should look for Lidl products that carry a USDA Organic or Non-GMO Project Verified logo. olive oil Our extra virgin olive oil is truly extra virgin, regularly tested both internally and through external labs before and after packaging. You can shop with confidence at Lidl that what is on the label is what is in the bottle.", "Link": "https://www.lidl.com/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Mortgage specialist", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "M&M Foundation with Kryštof: Every year we invest millions of crowns in children's homes, kindergartens and other charity projects. On TV Nova you can see us as a partner of the New Home Housing program. Thanks to the personal friendship of our foundation's sponsor Petr Morcinek with Richard Krajč, we cooperate on an experience festival of the band called Kryštof Kemp. The owner and sole shareholder of M&M Holding is Petr Morcinek , who is also Director of Strategy and Development of the Company.", "Link": "https://www.mmreality.cz/o-nas/"}
{"Company Name": "M2C", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "M2C has launched an extensive CSR program that is directed both internally towards employees and their families, and externally to the public, clients and suppliers. It focuses on various areas of the public, the environment, ethics of business, and especially human resources.", "Link": "https://www.m2c.eu/en/pomahame/ , http://www.m2cfond.eu/"}
{"Company Name": "Magna Automotive (CZ) Ltd.", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability focuses on the way we operate our 346 manufacturing facilities in 27 countries and on the way we operate in our communities. We are committed to being an industry leader when it comes to making positive social and environmental impacts around the world. It’s our way of being a good corporate partner to the communities in which we do business and it’s a key part of our public identity. We strive to conduct business in ways that respect, protect and benefit our employees, customers, suppliers and the environment.", "Link": "https://www.magna.com/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "MAHLE BEHR", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Already our founders Hermann and Ernst Mahle attributed importance to combining long-term entrepreneurial thinking with social engagement. The dividends of the Group are used to sponsor a multitude of social projects through the MAHLE Foundation. Furthermore, MAHLE itself participates in many initiatives with a high level of social commitment. Taking on responsibility for the common good as a “friendly neighbor” is an integral characteristic of the MAHLE culture.", "Link": "https://www.mahle.com/en/about-mahle/social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "MAKRO Cash & Carry CR sro", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We believe it makes sense to help. At MACRO, we support long-term projects primarily in the social field and environmental protection. We are a signatory to the Code of Ethics for Tenderers “Recommendations for Public Procurement Suppliers”, which promotes transparency of public procurement in the Czech Republic.", "Link": "https://www.makro.cz/spolecenska-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "MallGroup", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MANN + HUMMEL (CZ)", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Filtration separates the useful from the harmful. Just think of air pollution or contaminated water: there is a great need for filtration all over the world. We stand by this responsibility. This is also expressed in our sustainability strategy. We summarize the focal points of our corporate responsibility under the keywords added value, appreciation, lasting value and value orientation.", "Link": "https://www.mann-hummel.com/de/das-unternehmen/wir-ueber-uns/nachhaltigkeit-verantwortung/"}
{"Company Name": "ManpowerGroup sro", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Manuvia Expert Recruitment", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Marelli Automotive Lighting in Jihlava", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Marius Pedersen as", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Marvinpac, sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Masaryk University", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Massive Interactive Media Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MATTONI - KMV as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We support several organisations and associations on the national as well as local level. Karlovarské minerální vody devotes sustained attention to improving the quality of life in the municipality of Kyselka and supports local institutions and organisations. We are a founding member of the Kyselka Spa Charitable Society, for which our employees also volunteer. The main objective of the Kyselka Spa Charitable Society is to renovate the heritage-protected grounds of the former Kyselka Spa in the municipality of Kyselka. We gradually renovate the historic buildings we own, in line with heritage care, and seek new uses for them – for example, we opened a museum of mineral waters and Mattoni water in the newly renovated Loschner Pavilion, and the renovated Stallburg House was converted to apartments.", "Link": "http://www.kmv.cz/en/pages/csr-and-awards#section-podporujeme"}
{"Company Name": "Maurice Ward & Co. Ltd.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The Maurice Ward Group is committed to providing a quality service in a manner that ensures a safe and healthy workplace for all our employees and the minimization of potential impact on the environment. We recognize our responsibility to the environment goes beyond our legal and regulatory requirements. For the sake of our planet & our grandchildren, we must act now to reduce our carbon footprint. Because we are committed to reducing our environmental impact, we continually improve our environmental performance as an integral part of our business strategy. We work with our customers, suppliers and other business partners to reduce our overall carbon footprint. Together, we can make a difference. The Maurice Ward Group believes that businesses (& individuals) must take responsibility for the environment today because tomorrow may be too late. We must work with our suppliers & customers to eliminate waste from our supply chains. In order to achieve this, there is a need for sustainable solutions and out-of-box thinking, to save money & help preserve the environment.", "Link": "https://www.mauriceward.com/quality-environment/"}
{"Company Name": "Maxion Wheels Czech sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Mazars sro", "Number of employees": 299, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "mBlue Czech sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "McDonald's CR spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "At McDonald's, we know that sustainability is key to our future and that is why we strive to take action that leads to greener solutions. It is important to us what footprint we leave on the planet, and we are aware that even seemingly tiny action can have a great impact on the environment due to our size. We believe that our efforts will lead to real changes so that they will become a standard for others in the future.", "Link": "https://www.mcdonalds.cz/odpovednost-a-suroviny/"}
{"Company Name": "mdexx Magnetronic Devices Ltd.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Media Market Consulting, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MediaCall, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MEGATECH Industries Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Mercedes-Benz Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MetLife Europe dac, Czech Republic office", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Metrostav as", "Number of employees": 2999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Metrostav was a winner of the Czech Republic National Award for Social Responsibility and Sustainable Development in 2017. The award demonstrates that Metrostav has been paying extra attention in the long run to activities in the field of corporate social responsibility.", "Link": "https://www.metrostav.cz/en/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Meusburger Georg GmbH Co. KG", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "The protection of the environment is a major concern for Meusburger. For this reason we comply with, and even exceed, the relevant legislation and stipulations. In addition to continuously checking our plant and production methods we also invest sustainably in the heating, ventilation and cooling of our buildings.", "Link": "https://www.meusburger.com/CS/CZ/spolecnost/ochrana-zivotniho-prostredi"}
{"Company Name": "MICROSOFT sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Recycling Information, and Disposal of Waste Batteries and Electrical & Electronic Equipment. The crossed-out wheelie bin symbol on a product or its batteries or its packaging means that the product and any batteries it contains must not be disposed of with your household waste. Instead, it is your responsibility to hand over the waste batteries and/or the waste electrical and electronic equipment to an applicable collection point for the recycling of batteries and electrical and electronic equipment. This separate collection and recycling will help to conserve natural resources and prevent potential negative consequences for human health and the environment due to the possible presence of hazardous substances in batteries and electrical and electronic equipment, which could be caused by inappropriate disposal.", "Link": "https://www.microsoft.com/cs-cz/store/b/recycling?icid=GlobalFooterNav"}
{"Company Name": "Miele technika sro", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "New: Miele's 2019 Sustainability Report available with immediate effect. Miele's new Sustainability Report is now available as a download. For the first time, Miele makes reference in this report to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) published by the United Nations and subscribes to the 2°C target of international climate politics. As in the case of past reports, this issue follows the guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI).", "Link": "https://www.miele.com/en/com/overview-4758.htm"}
{"Company Name": "MITSUBISHI ELECTRIC AUTOMOTIVE CZECH sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Mlada fronta as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Mlekarna Kunin as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We understand nature. We know what's valuable in it and we care to keep it for future generationsTherefore, we contributed financially to educational signs in the PLA Beskydy.", "Link": "https://www.mlekarna-kunin.cz/starame-se/index.html"}
{"Company Name": "MND as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The MND Group is committed to providing long-term support for projects aimed at environmental protection, preservation of local traditions, and the development of sports activities for young generations.", "Link": "https://www.mndgroup.eu/en/"}
{"Company Name": "Model Obaly as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Nowadays, companies’ actions are judged by how sustainable they are. The idea of ‘sustainability’ itself was born as far back as 1713, within the context of a national wood shortage. A managed approach to forestry was the norm by the time Model came into being in 1882, and the uncontrolled exploitation of our forests was a thing of the past. As a result, sustainability is part of Model’s history. It is part of who we are, and it is part of our present. In our eyes, it’s not something that’s located in the future, even though we do set targets for it. We believe that being sustainable means being switched-on and alert, continuously making improvements, whether big or small – without being forced to. It’s something genuine and natural. The joy we gain from leveraging hidden potential puts a smile on our faces day in, day out, enriching our actions in a sustainable way", "Link": "https://www.modelgroup.com/en/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "MONET + as", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MONETA Money", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "In 2017, we set out on a journey to achieve sustainable development. We see sustainable business as a competitive advantage. It motivates us to innovate and represents an investment in the future of our employees, clients and communities around us.", "Link": "https://www.moneta.cz/o-nas"}
{"Company Name": "Monroe Czechia Ltd.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Monster Worldwide", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MORAVIA CANS as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MoroSystems, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MUBEA - HZP Ltd.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability at Mubea As a manufacturer of lightweight products for the automotive industry and of components for industrial applications, we are able to influence the sustainability of our products, in particular in development and production. Starting in the design stage, we take recycling into account, we consider substitution possibilities for any substances that are hazardous to water and seek to avoid waste or dispose of it in a way that does not harm the environment. When it comes to process development and facility design, we set great store on lowering our consumption of water and energy, using less process material, thus reducing noise and air emissions.", "Link": "https://www.mubea.com/en/corporate-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "M - SILNICE as", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "METECH sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MAS Automation as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MLS Holice spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Macco Organiques, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MADETA as", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Magdalena, ops", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Magna Exteriors (Bohemia) Ltd.", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Cooperation with universities and secondary schools, Charitable collections for selected organizations Financial support for disabled people and children in orphanages Environmental targets focused on energy and water consumption Modified production processes that are environmentally friendly Support for development and education", "Link": "https://magnabohemia.cz/spolecenska-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "MAILPROFILER Development sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "MANUTAN sro", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Marks and Spencer Czech Republic", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Plan A is our way to help build a sustainable future by being a business that enables our customers to have a positive impact on wellbeing, communities and the planet through all that we do", "Link": "https://corporate.marksandspencer.com/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Mars Czech sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our current commitment to a sustainable future Our Sustainable Development Plan for next generations addresses key areas of the UN Sustainable Development Goals and includes ambitious goals based on scientific knowledge and our The Five Principles. Our plan covers three main areas - Healthy Planet , Satisfied People and Well-being . Healthy planet Based on data from our in-depth spending controls, we have set our goals for a Healthy Planet linked to the Climate Strategy , Water Resources and Land Use goals to reduce our environmental impact in line with what is found to be necessary to maintain health planets for the future. Satisfied people We believe that we could and should play a role in creating opportunities for people from our workplaces and communities where we operate. Our goal of Satisfied People emphasizes increasing income, respecting human rights and creating opportunities for women to improve the lives of 1 million people in our value chain. Nutrition for well-being We believe that people must have access to the products and information they need to pursue a healthy lifestyle. Our commitment to Well-being is to develop modern science, innovation and marketing in ways that help billions of people and their pets live a healthier and happier life today and in the future", "Link": "https://cze.mars.com/plan-udrzitelneho-rozvoje-pro-dalsi-generace"}
{"Company Name": "Masonite CZ spol. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NADĚJE", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nagel Česko s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability – Responsibility for People and the Environment As a family-run business, Nagel-Group is committed to a forward-looking corporate policy. A path that integrates sustainable actions and will therefore stand the test of time. At Nagel-Group, we are convinced that it is our responsibility as a company to regard people and nature as indispensable partners. That’s why we bridge the gap between economy and ecology. This way, we define the conservation of resources as a basic principle of the service to our clients. In this spirit, we develop our high sustainability standards even further. Because those bring about continuous improvements for people and environment. For us, green logistics and social responsibility are not only nice to have but common practice. ZNU - Centre for Sustainable Corporate Leadership The Nagel-Group has been a partner of the ZNU - Centre for Sustainable Corporate Leadership (Zentrum für Nachhaltige Unternehmensführung) since 2015. The ZNU is an application-oriented research institute within the Faculty of Management and Economics at Witten/Herdecke University. As a sustainability initiative of business and science, the ZNU engages in research, teaching, professional training and conferences with the aim of making sustainability achievable for the managers of today and tomorrow and to arouse enthusiasm for the opportunities that sustainable corporate leadership presents. Environmentally friendly and resource-conserving technology We consistently focus on the bundling of commodity flows and on environmentally friendly, resource saving technologies. Of course, this also applies to our vehicle fleet: in the logistics business, fuel consumption is not only a major cost factor, but also has a significant influence on the emissions caused. We have established regular consumption controls and we encourage fuel use optimised driving. Furthermore, we continuously keep track of state of the art solutions in the automotive industry. Low fuel usage and emission values are especially important criteria in procurement processes, with low rolling resistance tyres and other technologies fitted as standard. We also fully realise our energy saving potential regarding our properties – from the ecologically minded planning of building capacities and warehouse heights, to using energy-efficient insulation and building material, as well as environmentally friendly lighting technology. Regular reviews of our building equipment lead us to sustainable results. That is how we meet our own high standards. As a logistics provider, resource saving is a natural part of our business and identity.. It has a long tradition. That’s why we make sure that our processes remain at the cutting edge. Goals Remaining sustainable is the most important goal of every company. For a more sustainable corporate management, the Nagel-Group has set several goals which stand for a future-oriented and flexible basic orientation. With our participation in the GS1 initiative Lean & Green, we once again emphasise our company's environmental commitment. As a member of the non-profit initiative, we commit ourselves to reduce the logistics-related CO2 emissions by at least 20 percent within five years. Our action plan to achieve this goal has been checked and approved by TÜV Nord. For the environmental commitment, the Nagel-Group was awarded the Lean & Green award in September 2016. We are committed to the conservation of natural resources at various levels. For instance, we have set ourselves a clear goal to continually reduce paper consumption in all our branches by three percent a year and to introduce the use of recycling paper throughout the group. For the Nagel Group as a food logistics company, employees are the most valuable asset. We therefore provide our employees with a healthy and safe working environment. Preventing accidents at work means first and foremost avoiding human and social suffering. Therefore, the Nagel Group pursues the goal of achieving \"zero accidents\" by 2025. The vocational training of young people has a long-standing tradition at the Nagel-Group. In Germany alone, we are currently training about 600 young people in various logistical professions. We take on more than 200 apprentices every year. This makes the Nagel-Group one of the biggest providers of vocational training in the logistics sector. We also provide our new logistics recruits with long-term prospects in our company and strive for a retention rate of more than 80 percent. Even after completion of the apprenticeship, staff development is facilitated through trainings and on-the-job training and educational measures. Many of our former apprentices now work as specialists in responsible positions or managerial positions. To find out more information about our apprenticeships, click here In this case, the efficiency of the Nagel-Group plays a major part. As a logistics provider operating throughout Europe, we aim to achieve a reasonable, annual increase of the return on sales. A continuous improvement of results is intended to ensure the future sustainability and performance for customers and employees of the company. In internal committees like the management conferences or the monthly results meetings, corporate structures are optimised, the economic orientation is discussed, results are analysed and cost structures are adjusted. These are some of the things we are already doing today: Commodity flow bundling Optimal utilisation of freight space (double-decker- / multi-compartment truck) Substantial avoidance of empty kilometres Regular fuel consumption monitoring of our fleet Training and instructions for optimal driving behaviour to minimise fuel consumption Environmentally friendly lighting concept Heat recovery in buildings Waste reduction and recycling Any questions? We will be happy to provide you with further information: sustainability@nagel-group.com Focusing on people At the same time, we take responsibility in society. As a service provider, we know that people are the most important factor in the success of our company. Clients, employees, young talents, business partners, consumers – these are the people who give meaning to our existence as a company. That’s why we want to contribute – so people are supported in their lives through education, sports and social organisations. Therefore we get involved inside and outside the Nagel-Group, for example for: Sport and youth promotion Cooperation between schools and companies Further education Work-life-balance What we do for the future? We act responsibly and resource efficiently.", "Link": "https://www.nagel-group.com/en/ueber_uns/nachhaltigkeit/index.html"}
{"Company Name": "NACHI Europe GmbH, organizační složka", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NAKIT, s. p.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "nangu.TV", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nano Green s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NANOTEX GROUP s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Naše děti, o. p. s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NATIVEL s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NATURHOUSE", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NAVOS, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NEECO s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nelson Markets, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NenoVision s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NEOL - STAV sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NESS Czech", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our corporate social responsibility Ness contributes to the communities in which we live and work A strong sense of social responsibility and the resolve to have a meaningful impact on the communities we serve is integral to Ness’s Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) philosophy. The technology expertise, passion for innovation, and delivery excellence that have been fundamental to our growth in the technology space also reflect in the ways in which we contribute to our world. Ness’s CSR initiatives are focused on improving quality of life in our communities and safeguarding our environmental resources. Guided by these objectives, Ness initiates and contributes time towards activities in areas such as education, health and wellness, and the environment. We tap into our most valuable resources – our people and our knowledge of technologies – and their collective synergies to help drive sustainable change. “Ness’s environmental and social initiatives are rooted in our commitment towards creating a positive change in the world we live in. I am proud to be part of an organization where people live and breathe such a philosophy.” Ness India Imparts Career Counselling to Students The Ness Mumbai team visited students in Grade 9 of Manisha Vidyalaya School (a low-income school in Kalwa, Mumbai) to provide career counselling and help them find the right career path. The process of seeking admission into a college is often confusing and daunting for students from low-income groups. The students gained awareness and guidance to find a career path best suited to them, and had exposure to positive role models from diverse professions.", "Link": "https://www.ness.com/about-us/our-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Nestle Česko sro", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "How we make an impact Business benefits and positive social impact must be mutually reinforcing. This is the core of Creating Shared Value. We believe that Creating Shared Value enables us to optimize value for our shareholders and have a long-term positive impact on all stakeholders connected to our business. Stefan PalzerConsumers are demanding healthier, natural and more authentic food products and are shifting toward a plant-based diet… We can only meet the needs of this growing population through disruptive innovation. This is why at Nestlé we have adopted a multi-faceted approach to how we innovate. Stefan Palzer, Chief Technology Officer, Nestlé S.A. Taking open innovation to a new level through a multi-faceted approach Jimmy ÖstholmI see in Nespresso a strong commitment to sustainability, which is why this has been the dream partnership. We are proud to have co-created a bike that takes on the future. Jimmy Östholm, CEO and founder, Vélosophy An afterlife for coffee capsules Maryam KhalidMy country, Pakistan, faces acute water shortages and ranks fourth highest in the world in terms of water use. Nestlé Pakistan is supporting the communities we operate in by providing water and sanitation to over 60 000 people every day. Why it matters Knowledge of the importance of proper nutrition is on the rise globally. At the same time, greater accessibility and availability of nutritious products means the healthy choice is increasingly the easier one. We believe that we, and the wider food and beverage industry, have a role to play in supporting people to make informed choices to lead healthier lives. Partnering with retailers represents an opportunity to inspire behavior change and promote healthier lives. Through offering brands and services that are good for consumers, their families and the planet, manufacturers and retailers can encourage more healthy and sustainable shopping patterns in consumers. banner-families.png What we are doing In 2019, we collaborated with multiple retail partners through the Collaboration for Healthier Lives global program. We also engaged with industry professionals to bring nutrition information to millions of people. Read more about it in our 2019 progress report. Global Collaboration for Healthier Lives In 2019, we contributed to nine country programs in support of the Consumer Goods Forum , partnering with retailers and other manufacturing companies in the food, personal care and hygiene sectors. We contributed products, services and information designed to promote healthy diets and lifestyles. In October, Nestlé Mexico partnered with Walmart and 12 other food and non-food manufacturers to deliver a three-day wellness program in 10 Walmart stores in Mexico City under the theme México Ponte Bien (Mexico Get Well). The initiative, supported by Boston Consulting Group and Mexicano Activos, marked the first step for Collaboration for Healthier Lives in Mexico to encourage consumers to make informed decisions for a more balanced lifestyle with a bigger focus on well-being. The in-store program involved nutritionists and other health professionals and addressed three key themes: nutrition education, healthier habits and active lifestyles. In May 2019, Nestlé France partnered with Carrefour, Auchan, Metro, Elior and 12 other food and non-food manufacturers to launch the first ever industry Collaboration for Healthier Lives program in Lyon, France, under the theme On S’y Met (Let's Do It). Local authorities, along with INSEAD, Boston Consulting Group, the Institute of Commerce, the Union of Trades and Industries of the Hotel Industry (UMIH) and the Chefs of Lyon (Les Toques Blanches Lyonnaise) were among key stakeholders who supported the program. Through On S’y Met, a range of in-store, out-of-home and at-home activities were launched, designed to encourage healthier eating habits and healthier lifestyles. World Chefs Academy LinkedIn Nutrition Professionals With nutrition professionals increasingly using social media to access information on their industry, we are leveraging our global reach to share nutrition knowledge with a wider audience. Our Nestlé Professional LinkedIn page has over 84 000 followers, and we use this forum for sharing stories from our magazine NutriPro. Posting two to three times a week, we share stories on nutrition topics and advice from other food professionals that may interest a wide range of people, from culinary professionals to members of the public. Using online platforms, we can then analyze our readership to determine in which demographics we can have the most impact and which areas of healthy living are most important to our audience. Nutrition for Professionals Another way to connect with professionals is through our educational program, NutriPro (Nutrition for Professionals). NutriPro covers a variety of topics that are of particular interest to the culinary community, such as salt and sugar intake, portion control and plant-based alternatives. Through a magazine and training module, professional chefs receive handy tips and information on nutrition, health and wellness. A young boy smiles at the camera in Kabirwala, Pakistan, while his father looks on happily, as they collect clean drinking water. It’s an image that I love, one that motivates me in my work on water as Assistant Public Affairs Manager at Nestlé Pakistan. We can’t take water for granted Ammar, that’s the boy’s name, and his father, were benefiting from a facility that we built to provide people with free access to clean drinking water, near our factory in Kabirwala. It’s one of the six facilities that we’ve built across Pakistan in recent years. I find this photo moving because it shows a scene (access to clean, safe water), that so many of us take for granted. But we can’t afford to do so. Water scarcity affects more than 40% of the world’s population, and the United Nations (UN) estimates that recurring water shortages will affect at least one in four of us by 2050. My country, Pakistan, faces acute water shortages, and ranks fourth highest in the world in terms of water use. Our ‘water intensity rate’ (how much is used to create a good or service), is the highest in the world, which suggests the economy is water intensive. Pakistan’s water availability per person is falling every year. Clean water and sanitation for 60,000 Water is essential for life, and we strongly believe that access to water is a basic human right. Everyone, everywhere, should have access to water. Guided by our values rooted in respect, Nestlé Pakistan is supporting the communities we operate in by providing water and sanitation to over 60,000 people every day. group of men getting water This is just one of the ways Nestlé is Caring for Water (C4W), and I’ve chosen to highlight it because the theme of World Water Week this year is ‘water for society’, which ladders-up to United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 6 on clean water and sanitation. Water is also essential for our business. We need sustainable water access to grow the ingredients we use in our foods and beverages and to run our factories, while consumers need water to prepare our products. At a global level, beyond providing water and sanitation to people in many countries, Nestlé is doing more to reduce, reuse and recycle water in our factories and to help farmers manage water more efficiently in our agricultural supply chain. We’re also working with partners to manage local watersheds sustainably. Credible third-party validation Water is a shared and precious resource. We need to ensure that we manage it sustainably, working with and for all water users. Nestlé is committed to working with everyone (from local people, farmers and suppliers, governments, NGOs, universities and civil society) to achieve this goal. What does this mean on the ground? Well, in Pakistan, we’re working to certify our factories against the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) Standard. Three of our factories in Sheikhupura, Islamabad and Kabirwala are certified by the AWS Standard. This international standard guides organizations on how to improve water efficiency, both on- and offsite, and it provides credible, third-party endorsement of Nestlé’s water stewardship practices worldwide. Saving water with drip irrigation Additionally, we are working with stakeholders to promote drip irrigation that guards against over- and under-irrigation. This has led us to savings of about 301 million liters across 107 acres of land. mango farmer We’ve forged partnerships with Agriculture Department, Government of Punjab, Pakistan Agriculture Research Council (PARC), University of Veterinary & Animal Sciences (UVAS) and the Mango Research Institute (MRI) – to explore efficient water use and increase yields using drip irrigation. Partnering with Lahore University of Management Sciences (LUMS), we’ve also helped develop smart soil sensors that save water and increase productivity by reducing the chance of under or over-irrigation. So within Nestlé Pakistan we’re working hard, and our actions mirror those of our colleagues across 85 countries across the world where the company produces products. Our work continues, and beyond Nestlé we’ll continue to act with others, to ensure that we steward water for future generations. By doing so we will put all our efforts to ensure safe and clean drinking water for young boys like Ammar and his friends – and for everyone in the communities where we operate.", "Link": "https://www.nestle.com/csv"}
{"Company Name": "NET Development, Ltd.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Our approach At Nets, we recognise and respect the social, environmental and economic impact that Nets has through the digitisation of the countries in which we operate. We impact by driving digitisation, increasing digital payments, running services related to digital identities, digitising paper-based processes, and ensuring that modern societies function in a safe and efficient manner within the broader area of digital payments, for the benefit of citizens and businesses alike. We respect and prioritise the well-being of our employees across locations and countries, and we strive to have the best possible physical and psychological work environment in which work-related illnesses are avoided. In addition, we strive to provide all employees with a healthy work-life balance to reconcile the demands of working life and family life. This includes a continuous focus on eliminating work-related illnesses and improving the health and safety measures already installed by providing a non-discriminatory, safe, and healthy work place for all. Further to this, we strive to embody a culture of continual learning for our employees whilst embedding our core values in the everyday work environment. Our approach to human rights is firmly based on Nets’ core values and ethical guidelines. Nets Human & Labour Rights Policy is guided by the United Nations’ Declaration of Human Rights and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. The purpose of the policy is to define the framework and provide a basis for the Group’s work with respect to human rights. The policy covers key issues with importance for the Group and its employees, such as non-discrimination and protection against harassment. In essence, we are committed to ensure that our employees continuously increase their “employability” through continuous development and having a good work environment adding new competencies throughout their careers in Nets. The objective is to confirm that our employees become still more attractive and employable once they move on in their career inside or outside of Nets. We respect and prioritise the well-being of our employees across locations and countries, and we strive to have the best possible physical and psychological work environment in which work-related illnesses are avoided. In addition, we strive to provide all employees with a healthy work-life balance to reconcile the demands of working life and family life. This includes a continuous focus on eliminating work-related illnesses and improving the health and safety measures already installed by providing a non-discriminatory, safe, and healthy work place for all. Further to this, we strive to embody a culture of continual learning for our employees whilst embedding our core values in the everyday work environment. Our approach to human rights is firmly based on Nets’ core values and ethical guidelines. Nets Human & Labour Rights Policy is guided by the United Nations’ Declaration of Human Rights and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. The purpose of the policy is to define the framework and provide a basis for the Group’s work with respect to human rights. The policy covers key issues with importance for the Group and its employees, such as non-discrimination and protection against harassment. In essence, we are committed to ensure that our employees continuously increase their “employability” through continuous development and having a good work environment adding new competencies throughout their careers in Nets. The objective is to confirm that our employees become still more attractive and employable once they move on in their career inside or outside of Nets.​It is at the core of our digital solutions to drive the development towards a digitised, paperless, and cashless society, contributing to a significant reduction of society’s negative societal, economic, and environmental impact. We are thus continuously working to ensure that the digitisation of society, which Nets contributes to through our services and products, brings social, environmental, and economic benefits to society, businesses, and right holders. We work to do this through activation of three strategic themes: “Easiness”, “Security & Stability”, and “Digital Inclusion”. Easiness We see easier products and solutions as the foundation for growth and progress, and our digital solutions drive the development towards a digitised and paperless society, contributing to a significant reduction of society’s negative environmental impact, cost savings for society, and allow citizens to reap the benefits of smarter and easier digital technologies. Security & Stability Building on an unmatched history of driving reliable digital ecosystems, we unlock new and better opportunities for financial institutions, enterprises, and merchants, while always delivering unrivalled security and stability. We recognise the CSR risk impact we pose to society if our core products and services are not up and running, and we continuously improve our systems and work to increase awareness among stakeholders. Digital Inclusion Smarter and easier digital technologies provide a multitude of benefits to society, however, not all right holders are able to reap the benefits of digitisation. We recognise that some right holders in society such as children, elderly people, and vulnerable groups have special needs and are especially exposed to CSR-related risk. We aim to run our business in an environmentally conscious way. We support a preventative approach to environmental challenges and we are committed to be an environmentally conscious service provider and business partner based throughout our organisation and towards our suppliers and business partners. As an international payments company connecting consumers, companies, and financial institutions across Europe, we are fully committed to comply with legislation and recognised international business standards that apply to our field of work. Furthermore, we consider it our responsibility to ensure sound business practises throughout our value chain. Our goal is to build business relationships with our suppliers and partners based on trust and long-term cooperation to gain mutually beneficial and sustainable business relationships. We are committed to ensure that we have responsible supplier relationships by incorporating human and labour rights as well as environmental and ethical standards. We adhere to the UN Global Compact principles and are committed to having a zero-tolerance policy on corruption and bribery. We have established internal policies and guidelines to ensure employees act with integrity and do not engage in any actions involving corruption and/or bribery and understand the importance thereof.", "Link": "https://www.nets.eu/about-nets/csr"}
{"Company Name": "NET4GAS sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate social responsibility NET4GAS is conscious of its role in society and its responsibility towards its shareholders, customers, suppliers and other business partners, its employees, the environment as well as local communities. It has therefore committed itself to a clear set of principles which form a framework for its activities in the business and social spheres. Its corporate social responsibility principles form an integral part of all processes of the company. Environmental protection is a top priority, and NET4GAS sees this as more than just a question of meeting statutory requirements. Protecting the environment is above all an aspect of the company’s corporate social responsibility – towards its suppliers, business partners, employees and all the other stakeholders involved. The company’s management has therefore adopted a long-term “Environmental protection policy”. Its environmental protection activities are guided by cutting-edge scientific knowledge, and it carefully selects environmentally friendly technologies. Protection of the environment is incorporated into all its procedures and decision-making processes. NET4GAS strives to absolutely minimise the environmental impact of the operation of its gas transmission system. It exemplary fulfils its record of statutory compliance in the areas of nature conservation and landscape protection, emergency preparedness , prevention and remediation of environmental damage, integrated pollution prevention, prevention of air pollution, reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, waste and water management and the handling of chemical products and mixtures. Operation of gas pipelines is environmentally friendly. For residents along the route, it poses no environmental or health risk. Energy produced from natural gas is nature-friendly. Pipelines are safely placed underground, and thus do not interfere with the natural landscape. Construction of pipelines meets in full demanding statutory approval processes, including a thorough assessment of the impact on the environment EIA. On its basis all the possible impacts of the construction and future operation of the pipeline are explored in detail, regarding public health and the environment with potential impacts on animals, plants, ecosystems, soil and plants, water, air, climate and landscape, natural resources, material assets, cultural monuments etc. Thanks to the protective gas pipeline zones, unique habitats occur near the pipelines, which see returning rare species of plants and animals. The regime in pipeline protection zones does not restrict planting and breeding activities. NET4GAS carefully monitors the state of nature and the environment before, during and after the completion of each construction. More than forty years of experience of NET4GAS guarantee reliability, safety and environmental friendliness. NET4GAS has a sense of responsibility for environmental protection during its operations that goes beyond what is required by law. It owns and operates unique specialised technology for the maintenance of gas installations and infrastructure, and also has qualified professionals with the requisite know-how. This equipment allows operators to minimise, or practically reduce to zero, the volume of gas which would otherwise have to be released into the air during scheduled pipeline repairs. Thanks to its sophisticated use of T. D. Williamson drilling, tapping and plugging machines and a mobile compressor station during scheduled pipeline repairs, NET4GAS is one of the leading European gas transmission system operators in the field of environmental protection as regards minimising the quantity of gas released into the air. NET4GAS also offers the use of its unique technology to other gas infrastructure operators (read more in section Supplementary services). Friendly corporate culture covering recycling, energy conservation and other environmentally friendly activities are an everyday part of NET4GAS operations. Last but not least, the company also supports projects aimed at nature conservation and environmental protection with its programme “NET4GAS Closer to Nature” (read more in the section Corporate philanthropy). NET4GAS is fully aware of our corporate social responsibility, and strictly follows an environmental policy committed to both present and future generations. Corporate philanthropy An integral part of the concept of corporate social responsibility is corporate philanthropy. NET4GAS has a strong sense of its corporate social responsibility, and therefore devotes itself to corporate philanthropy and sponsorship aimed at improving the living conditions where it operates, which is in the Czech Republic, in the following areas: NET4GAS Closer to Nature: nature conservation and environmental protection NET4GAS Closer to Knowledge: training, education and R&D NET4GAS Closer to Regions: community development NET4GAS Closer to Nature Come to nature with us at www.closertonature.cz! We are both a reliable and safe gas transmission system operator, and at the same time pursue a responsible policy aimed at protecting nature and the environment for current and future generations. Our commercial operations are very closely connected with the issue of nature conservation, as during both the construction and the operation of our gas infrastructure we must comply with strict environmental standards. In fact, our concern for the natural environment extends even beyond the requirements of legislation, meaning rather a question of corporate social responsibility. It is this principle which underlies our business activities as well our long term strategy of corporate philanthropy and sponsorship which has been implemented under the programme NET4GAS Closer to Nature since 2007. NET4GAS has been systematically providing long term support to projects where a major aspect of sustainable development is expressed by precisely that motto “Closer to Nature”. Our web-site www.closertonature.cz serves as the communication platform of the programme. In 2015, NET4GAS was awarded the VIA BONA Award for a Large Company (nominated by the Czech Union for Nature Conservation for the Closer to Nature program). In 2012, the NET4GAS Closer to Nature program was awarded the Business Leaders Forum Award. General partner of the ČSOP The general partnership between NET4GAS and the Czech Union for Nature Conservation (ČSOP) has pursued a clear and unchanging vision since the collaboration first began in 2007. And that is to present attractive and valuable natural sites to the public, and to use both education and fun as means to raise awareness about the reasons for their protection. Thanks to the support of the NET4GAS Closer to Nature programme dozens of interesting sites have been opened to the public. We help to build nature trails, viewpoints, observation posts, or seating areas and playing elements in nature. Find more about ČSOP on www.csop.cz. Support for the Young Environmentalists association It is growing increasingly difficult in this day and age to encourage children and young people to develop a close relationship with nature. In 2013, NET4GAS therefore decided to extend its Closer to Nature programme to include support for precisely this target group, by becoming a partner of the “Golden Leaf” and “Ecological Olympiad” science and nature competitions organised by the “Young Environmentalists” association of the ČSOP. Golden Leaf is a nationwide science and ecology competition for primary and secondary school students. Its main aim is to bring together kids who have a profound interest in the natural world at an event where they can test out and compare their knowledge through competition. The competition emphasises more than just theoretical “school” knowledge – it also involves hands on work in the natural environment and for its benefit. The Ecological Olympiad is a nationwide secondary school competition which focuses on comparing knowledge and skills in the areas of ecology, nature conservation and care for the environment. It particularly prioritises the practical application of knowledge and skills in solving real problems in the field, as well as the cultivation of teamwork. Find more about SMOP on www.smop.cz. Main partner of „Naše příroda“ magazine Since 2011, we have been helping the civic association Naše příroda (Our Nature) with its magazine of the same name. Find more on www.nasepriroda.cz. NET4GAS Closer to Knowledge We strive for operational excellence delivered by a highly trained and qualified team. Sustainable development, which is one of our top priorities, would be impossible without quality training, education, research and development. We therefore support all of these areas under our programme NET4GAS Closer to Knowledge. Thanks to this programme, we have been able to help dozens of kindergartens, basic and secondary schools, universities and higher education institutions, along with other initiatives. Partner to universities We support the development of technical studies at Czech universities. In 2012, we became a general partner to the Department of Gas, Coke and Air Protection of the Faculty of Environmental Technology of the Institute of Chemical Technology Prague and in 2015 a main partner to the Czech Technical University in Prague. The funds are designated primarily straight for students and will be provided by way of extraordinary or merit scholarships and evaluation of final theses, whether Master or PhD ones. NET4GAS Closer to Regions A cornerstone of our business is the long-term development and maintenance of the gas transmission system, which runs through almost every one of the regions of the Czech Republic. As a good neighbour, we target long-term support on local development where we operate by means of our programme NET4GAS Closer to Regions. Main partner of Voluntary Firemen of the Year Since 2014, we have been the main partner of the competition Voluntary Firemen of the Year for the best firefighters corps or corps unit of voluntary firemen of a municipality. The aim of the competition is to raise public awareness and prestige of volunteer firemen and honour those who during the 12 calendar months made real what most professional intervention or evolved great prevention activities. Find more on www.adhr.cz. Grant Program In addition to the aforementioned long-term partnerships, NET4GAS also supports other projects under the so-called Grant Program in the three programs above. For more information, please refer to the Grant Program Rules attached below.", "Link": "https://www.net4gas.cz/en/csr/"}
{"Company Name": "NetBrokers Holding as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NetGenium sro", "Number of employees": 6, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NetRex sro", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NEW YORKER CZ sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "COMPANY SOCIAL COMMITMENT OUR HEART BEATS NEW YORKER is deeply committed to shouldering its social responsibility. 1 million euros for \"Ein Herz für Kinder\" (2018) 500,000 euros for the RTL donation drive benefiting services for children and young people (2016) 1 million euros for earthquake victims in Haiti + T-shirt collection, with the proceeds of this going to help the people affected (2010) 1 million euros for Pakistan’s flood victims (2010) 1 million euros for the relief fund helping to eradicate services for children and young people (2010) Ongoing support: NEW YORKER Academy of Fine Arts (Musische Akademie) in Braunschweig Cooperation with the United Kids Foundations Sponsoring BAD Gliesmarode, Braunschweig", "Link": "https://www.newyorker.de/cz/company/engagement/social-engagement/"}
{"Company Name": "NewCo Immo CZ GmbH, branch office", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NEXTCLINICS Czech as", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nexter Company Ltd.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "AN ETHICAL AND RESPONSIBLE LAND DEFENSE PLAYER Nexter's responsibility is essential in the relationships that the group maintains with all stakeholders, whether they are customers, suppliers, shareholders and, of course, employees. This approach, taken into account in the strategic orientations, contributes as much to maintain relations of trust and transparency between the group and its partners as to improve its performances in the defense sector in France and Europe. It relies on a certain number of mechanisms and initiatives, notably concerning risk management and the reinforcement of internal control, our environmental policy, and the development of long-lasting partnerships with our suppliers. This corporate responsibility is reflected in the five values it promotes internally: fulfillment of commitments, safety, quality, team spirit, ethics and compliance. The prevention of corruption is a cornerstone of Nexter's activity. In the defense sector, this is both a legal obligation and a real economic and strategic issue. We operate responsibly with integrity, transparency and rigor. The Management board is convinced that exemplarity in the application of these principles is essential for the sustainability and success of the company. In order to ensure the application of its anti-corruption policy and to support For the past several years, we have been committed to a responsible approach to the environment, based on an integrated management system for health, safety, quality and the environment. Our Environmental policy is deployed to all sites and all our brands are ISO 14001 certified, the reference standard for environmental management. This approach ensures our full environmental responsibility and meets the needs of customers, by involving all employees and suppliers. Each year, we implement a program of continuous improvement of our situation with regard to the risks and opportunities related to our activities, taking into account the entire life cycle of our products. Our progress is regularly measured. As part of the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions, in addition to our recurrent actions to reduce energy consumption, we have implemented, with the assistance of a partner company, a program to offset greenhouse gas emissions CO2 by replanting trees. Moreover, projects for the preservation of biodiversity are integrated into site maintenance activities with, for example, the establishment of eco-grazing or nesting boxes to ensure biological control of processionary caterpillars to limit the use of pesticides. New biodiversity-related studies will be launched soon: the establishment of beehives, solutions to control invasive plants at certain sites, etc. Committing to continuous quality improvement The quality management system set up within the group is the guiding principle of our employees' daily action. Its objective is to contribute to the full satisfaction of our customers and partners, by winning over new customers and/or markets, through performance, innovation and the achievement of the objectives established with our customers and shareholders, by developing company-wide talents and involving everyone in company performance. This repository is flexible and adjustable so that each brand of the group adapts it to the specificities of its activity. Annual reviews are organized to encourage improvements to be made in relation to the practices observed, both internally and externally. To continually improve our actions in order to better satisfy customers by respecting our compliance commitments, deadlines and costs, reducing non-quality costs, improving the compliance rate of our deliverables, promoting the exchange of best practices, optimizing employee safety and reducing our environmental footprint is the ultimate goal of the Quality Management System implemented within Nexter. Safety at work, Nexter's permanent commitment As a responsible industrialist, the group has been committed for several years to preserving the health and safety of its women and men. Safety and health at work is the primary concern of all employees. Our common goal is to move towards \"zero accidents or occupational diseases\". This commitment was confirmed in 2017 with the signing by the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of a general health, safety, quality and environment policy letter. In particular, we are committed to implementing the following key principles: Safety and Health is at the top of our agenda, Any injury can be avoided, regardless of the environment, Management is responsible for defining, communicating and complying with safety rules Respect for these safety rules and exemplarity must prevail for everyone: we are all responsible for our own safety, but we must also ensure the safety of others, Act continuously on the identification, control and reduction of situations and behaviors that pose risks to health and safety We are working for the adoption of safe behaviors and to ensure a deep and lasting impregnation of a culture of safety. RISK MANAGEMENT La gestion des risques et le renforcement du contrôle interne The group is permanently improving its risk management. Having drawn up a risk map, we have extracted the major risks given their impact, their probability of occurrence and the means implemented to limit them. In addition to this mapping, which is reviewed periodically, we carry out spot audits. To ensure good risk management, our company is systematically involved upstream in the negotiation of high-stake contracts. We also handle the litigations and disputes of the group's companies. More generally, to better understand and limit the risks associated with our business, we rely on a set of systems: standards, quality organization, internal audits, safety of people, goods and the environment, access and document protection, external controls, etc. For Nexter, equality and the absence of discrimination are fundamental principles. As a result, we are committed at all levels to creating a work environment where everyone is respected, valued and appreciated for who they are. The group's approach is to attract, retain and develop the best talents to support our global strategy. This commitment to inclusion and diversity enables the company to grow sustainably and profitably, while creating a supportive environment for all of our people. Ideas and innovations are the result of group work, discussions, experiences and very diverse contexts. We want to foster a work environment that draws its richness from the great diversity of our employees, our customers and the communities in which we live and work.", "Link": "https://www.nexter-group.fr/en/nos-engagements.html"}
{"Company Name": "NCH ​​Corporation", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "WATER TREATMENT SOLUTIONS NCH has provided quality full-service water treatment to customers since 1919. Since then, we have developed a unique combination of knowledge and experience in exceptional service world-wide. We deliver environmentally responsible and economically profitable solutions that help keep boiler, cooling, process, and wastewater systems running at peak efficiency. PLUMBING The plumbing business manufactures and distributes a wide variety of plumbing products for repair, replacement, remodeling and new construction. With thousands of parts that repair or update faucets, sinks, tubs or toilets, any homeowner can be a successful do-it-yourselfer. The products are easy to identify with product finders that help match the right product to the plumbing fixture and are distributed nationally through home centers and hardware stores. SPECIALTY INDUSTRIAL SUPPLIES Partsmaster™ is a premier Maintenance, Repair & Operations (MRO) solutions provider dedicated to keeping our customers running. Our industry-leading solutions increase customer productivity, improve user safety, increase asset longevity and promote environmental responsibility. Our 3-point customer promise is always in the forefront of everything we do; to always keep our customers running, lower their total cost of operations and provide expert service and reliability. Partsmaster was established in 1968 as a division of NCH Corporation, a global leader in industrial and commercial maintenance products and services since 1919. NCH has over 8,000 employees, with branch offices and manufacturing plants located on five continents. NCH is relied upon by companies in over 50 countries to solve maintenance problems with the most innovative and effective products and services", "Link": "NCH ​​Corporation"}
{"Company Name": "Nielsen", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Through responsible, sustainable business practices and our commitment to giving back, we care for the communities and markets where we live and operate our business. Our Global Responsibility & Sustainability strategy at Nielsen includes all environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues that affect our business, operations, and all internal and external stakeholders. Our global teams work together to have an uncommon impact in the marketplaces and communities where we live and serve. Through Nielsen Cares, our associates mobilize Nielsen’s data and expertise for good, creating shared value in our communities and helping to solve some of the world’s biggest social challenges. HOW WE DO IT EMPOWER OUR PEOPLE Our programs are powered by our people, meaning our associates are encouraged to identify and lead projects that are important to them and align with our strategy. They rally around the donation of skills and time to help nonprofit organizations through pro bono work, in-kind giving and hands-on community projects. MOBILIZE DATA FOR GOOD Our pro bono projects are anchored in Nielsen’s data, products and insights. Nielsen measures the behavior of consumers in more than 100 countries, and our expertise helps nonprofits maximize their impact through improved outreach, messaging, effectiveness and efficiency. We rely on the passion of our employees, and we depend on their unique skills and expertise to make great things happen at Nielsen and beyond. We focus our efforts in four key priority areas: technology, hunger and nutrition, diversity and inclusion education OUR VISION Sustainable options are a fundamental part of the decision making process at an individual and organizational level throughout Nielsen. OUR MISSION To continuously identify, bring awareness to, and advocate for, sustainable options in an effort to manage and reduce Nielsen’s impact on the environment by driving operational efficiencies. In other words…making sustainability part of our DNA. OUR FOCUS Nielsen understands the demand of the environment, and through Nielsen Green, has built a sustainability program that makes a global commitment to save, protect and restore our natural environment. With a portfolio that focuses on efforts to reduce emissions and improve our resource management, Nielsen takes a holistic approach, empowering our colleagues, clients and vendors to lead environmental projects where we can have a material impact. Nielsen’s environmental focus spans three key areas: OUR FOOTPRINT Understanding our business impact on the environment across markets OUR VALUE CHAIN Working with our clients and vendors to influence and drive sustainable change OUR GRASSROOTS IMPACT Building on-site Green Teams to identify and launch initiatives to drive impact across Nielsen offices OUR COMMITMENT Our Global Procurement organization extends Nielsen’s commitment to good corporate citizenship and sustainability to our supply chain, managing the environmental, social, governance (ESG) and ethical impacts of our purchasing. As a global company, we have a unique and powerful platform to impact our world for the better. Like the immense purchasing power of individual consumers, we know that our institutional spend of over $2 billion can be a demand signal in the marketplace. We intentionally leverage our spend to drive our business performance and to help: Improve the integrity and transparency of supply chains globally Create fairer and more humane working conditions in factories overseas Support diverse-owned and local businesses in our communities Lighten the load on our planet’s resources Bring innovative product options to the marketplace that can solve business challenges while addressing social and environmental challenges We know that our spend is a powerful market force, which is why we work to manage it responsibly and sustainably. UNDERSTANDING OUR SUPPLY CHAIN IMPACTS Managing our supply chain’s ESG impacts begins with an understanding of the effects, both positive and negative, of our purchasing. In 2016, the first year of our program, we conducted a supply chain sustainability analysis to identify and uncover major sustainability risks and opportunities in our supply chain and to create strategies that address them. As a result, we understand our major supply chain impacts to be as follows, and we are addressing them accordingly within our own function and across functions at Nielsen: Environmental Impact: Energy use/greenhouse gas emissions impact with the technology and travel segments of our supply chain Social Impact: Human rights risk with the contract manufacturing segment of our supply chain Governance/Ethical Impact: Data privacy and security risks with the advertising and market research segment of our supply chain DECREASING NEGATIVE IMPACTS Segments of our supply chain can pose particular risks to our social and ethical standards due to their industry and geographic location. Human Rights in Nielsen’s Supply Chain – The greatest human rights risk in the Nielsen supply chain is with our contract electronics manufacturers. Through our social compliance program, we work with the Tier 1 and Tier 2 suppliers in this area to assess and engage them on their human rights practices, particularly trafficking and modern slavery. Our UK Modern Slavery statement describes our efforts to mitigate the risk of modern slavery and forced labor in our supply chain. Conflict Minerals – Nielsen is exposed to issues relating to the extraction and use of conflict minerals which may be used to finance militia operations or as a means to utilize forced labor. These minerals—Tin, Tantalum, Tungsten, and Gold or 3TG—are common components in electronics manufacture, and as such, Nielsen is exposed to the risk of sourcing conflict minerals. To mitigate this risk, Nielsen is a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative, the primary multi-stakeholder collaboration addressing ethical raw mineral sourcing. We also conduct due diligence and publicly report on the smelters in our supply chain in our Conflict Minerals disclosure according to the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010. INCREASING POSITIVE IMPACTS As a professional services organization, indirect spend accounts for the majority of our supply chain impacts. We have identified numerous ways to increase the positive impacts of that spend. Supplier Diversity – Our Supplier Diversity efforts to integrate supplier diversity into upcoming bids and contracts and to create a supply chain reflective of our company’s commitment to diversity and inclusion. Environmentally Preferable Purchasing – Wherever possible, our global Sourcing organization identifies options at the product/service level to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, conserve natural resources, and reduce waste. Learn more about our policy. Impact Sourcing – Nielsen is a founding member of the Global Impact Sourcing Coalition, a coalition of multinational corporations and suppliers committed to employing corporate procurement as an innovative means to address global poverty and economic inclusion. Multi-stakeholder Collaborations – To create industry change and impact beyond our own supply chain, we’ve joined our efforts and our purchasing power with like-minded corporate peers as described further below. Education and Awareness-Raising – We understand that the cumulative purchasing decisions of institutional buyers make change happen and that training and resources enable and empower those decisions. Nielsen provides education and awareness-raising efforts internally and externally to increase the awareness and practice of sustainable purchasing. We also have institutional links with DePaul University and the Illinois Institute of Technology for project-based, graduate-level internships to develop future supply chain sustainability professionals. OUR APPROACH Our approach is simple: We manage our supply chain and purchasing decisions to increase our positive environmental, social and governance/ethical impacts while decreasing our negative impacts. POLICIES AND BUSINESS PROCESSES Our procurement and contracting processes include ESG criteria. We require suppliers to demonstrate similar commitments by providing company-level information related to sustainability throughout their tenure servicing Nielsen. Procurement Practices – We specifically solicit sustainability information during supplier registration and the RFP process; this information is included as selection criteria along with our other requirements for quality, delivery, service and cost. Additionally, we use a formal, principle-based Environmentally Preferable Purchasing Policy to guide purchasing decisions at the product/service level. Contractual Requirements – Since January 2015, our standard contract terms obligate suppliers to abide by the Nielsen Supplier Code of Conduct. In 2016, we updated our Supplier Code based on a widely used industry standard, the Responsible Business Alliance. The code addresses the following areas: Labor (specifically Human Rights), Health and Safety, Environmental Management, Ethics, and Management Systems. SUPPLIER ENGAGEMENT We engage with our key suppliers multiple times a year with a focus on ESG issues. Measurement and Disclosure – Once a key supplier enters our supply chain, we require a standardized supplier assessment on ESG performance (provided by a third party) which benchmarks our suppliers according to their industry, size and country/countries of operation, along with ESG updates during regular business reviews. The assessments and regular business reviews serve as catalysts for meaningful supplier engagement. Continuous Improvement – Through meaningful supplier engagement, we ensure visibility into ESG risks and opportunities and drive higher standards. Our sourcing managers engage with our suppliers with the goal of quantitatively improving sustainability performance at both the supplier and product/service level. Capacity Building – We’ve developed a Supplier Toolkit as a resource for our suppliers to improve their sustainability performance. The Supplier Toolkit includes guidance for developing social, ethical, and environmental policies, practices and reporting. Additionally, the toolkit includes a comprehensive list of 150 performance indicators that suppliers can use to track ESG performance. MULTI-STAKEHOLDER COLLABORATIONS We understand the challenges faced in responsible sourcing are far-reaching and best addressed in multi-stakeholder collaborations with other corporations and brands, non-profit organizations and academia, the investor community and suppliers. In 2016, we joined the following leadership organizations in sustainable purchasing: the Sustainable Purchasing Leadership Council; the Responsible Business Alliance; the Global Impact Sourcing Coalition; the Responsible Minerals Initiative; and the Technical Advisory Group/Mirror Committee to the ISO 20400 Sustainable Procurement Standard. Through these associations, Nielsen is not just aligning with global best practices, but helping shape them.", "Link": "https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/about-us/global-responsibility-and-sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "NIKA Logistics as", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nissens Cooling Solutions Czech", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Delivering the Difference on CSR Delivering the Difference on Corporate Social Responsibility & Sustainability As a supplier to challenging customers and markets within the automotive aftermarket, the industrial segment and the wind turbine industry, Nissens is doing business with customers, who are market leading and highly professional players and role models within each of their business segments. Their requirements for Nissens as a preferred supplier are to demonstrate and document that our business ethics and standards are compatible with the values that our customers live by. In everything that we do, we focus on Delivering the Difference – both to our customers and to our employees. Out of respect of our customers and employees around the world, Nissens continues to build and strengthen our footprint within Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability. We use our heritage, culture and behavior as a foundation for Delivering the Difference in our CSR commitments to the surrounding world. As an example, this is actively done by Nissens joining UN Global Compact in 2018, which is a testimony of our consent to comply with the ten UN Global Compact principles within Human Rights, Labor Rights, Environment and Anti-corruption. Our position on Human Rights Protection Companies in the Nissens group focus on the respect of the human rights protection of our employees. Dignity & Respect It is essential to us that fundamental values of dignity and respect of every individual characterize our socialization with one another. We condemn the use of any physical punishment, threats of violence, sexual or physical abuse, harassment or offensive behavior. To enhance a strong working environment, we have formalized organizations, policies and activities carried out within the areas of occupational health and safety. Occupational Health & Safety To maintain our focus and to follow up on our occupational health and safety performance inside the organizations in the group, Nissens has defined various KPIs to measure and analyze important parameters linked to ensuring a healthy working environment for our employees. Global Data Protection & Privacy Rights Nissens complies with the applicable laws on the protection of personal data and makes efforts to secure the data privacy of our customers, employees and other stakeholders. We have taken a number of measures to ensure our data protection and privacy compliance through IT-supported, automated work processes across various functional areas and organizations. Our position on Labor Rights Companies in the Nissens’ group support the labor rights of our employees. Freedom of association Nissens respects the freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining of our employees. Through working committee fora, there is a direct, valuable and ongoing dialogue between management and employee representatives to secure compliance with labor rights as well as shared value in mutual participation in growing and developing both the company and its employees. Code of Conduct With our Code of Conduct, Nissens explicitly works on the basis of a ban on forced labor and on child labor. Nissens’ Code of Conduct is available to all employees and included in Nissens’ Employee Handbooks in Europe, Asia and Americas. All managers on the top three tier levels in the management structure at Nissens offer their commitment to Nissens’ Code of Conduct through a mandatory signature reflecting their commitment to obeying to the applicable guidelines. Nissens’ Code of Conduct is also distributed for information to all suppliers across Nissens Automotive and Nissens Cooling Solutions. Non-discrimination Nissens aims to secure a versatile diversity across its organizations and thus commits to eliminating discrimination in respect of employment and occupation, in relation to religion, gender, political observation or sexual orientation. We have a diversity policy in place with the aim of working on behalf of increasing the diversity in top management positions, including putting a priority into integrating representatives from different genders into recruitment processes for management and top management positions. Our position on Environment Companies in the Nissens group work actively to respect the environment and our company’s possible impact on surrounding world. ISO 14001 As an evidence of Nissens’ commitment to respecting the environment, an ISO 14001 environmental certificate is held across our sites in Denmark, China and Slovakia. Yearly audits are carried out by an external, independent agency to verify compliance against the environmental management system. As an ISO 14001-certified company, we work with a number of KPIs and assess our performance on a monthly basis. Training & Education: Environment & Energy All blue-collar employees at Nissens are enrolled in our formalized Train the Train Concept to ensure proper onboarding as well as training and education in general and functionally specific competences. Through our formalized training program, Nissens’ blue-collar employees are provided with guidelines on their expected behavior within environment and energy, and internal as well as external audits for follow-up are carried out regularly. Sustainability & Product Solutions Nissens assumes a responsibility for considering the environmental impact of the products that we are developing and supplying to the automotive aftermarket, the industrial segment and the wind turbine industry. Our position on Anti-corruption Companies in the Nissens’ group support the respect of our anti-corruption activities. Code of Conduct With our Code of Conduct in place, Nissens has explicitly outlined the prohibition against corruption and bribery. Policy on Gifts & Hospitality Nissens has defined and communicated a policy on gifts and hospitality to provide clear guidance on expectations for compliance to every Nissens employee around the world. Whistleblower Policy Nissens has a global whistleblower policy with the aim of securing every employee’s possibility for access to reporting of alleged or documented breaches of applicable laws and regulations as well as of Nissens’ Code of Conduct and other internal guidelines.", "Link": "https://nissens.com/en-gb/about-nissens/about-nissens.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "Nitto Denko Czech sro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Aiming to offer solutions for social issues, and improving the lives of people everywhere We support our customers and contribute to the establishment of a sustainable society by creating socially and environmentally friendly innovations he Nitto Group celebrated the centennial anniversary of its foundation in 2018. Reaching a major milestone is invigorating. In our quest to realize our Mission, “Contribute to customers’ value creation with innovative ideas,” we have identified the opportunities presented by changes in the market and the world at large since the inception of our business, thus creating values unique to the Nitto Group. Underlying this philosophy is a determination shared throughout the Group, that is, each and every employee should demonstrate a sense of ownership and listen with utmost care to what customers have to say to help them to find solutions to their issues. In this sense, all of our employees are in the business of marketing. In the upcoming 100 years, we will be required to build a sustainable society where people can lead a sound and healthy life. If we - “Nitto Persons” with DNA of the Nitto Group - are to make such a future a reality, we must fulfill the important duty of “challenging ourselves to make innovations over the next 100 years.” Because we are a B2B manufacturer finding ourselves somewhere between upstream and downstream of the value chain, a number of our products may not be visible to consumers. In the next 100 years, however, it will be important to enhance a public perception that the Nitto Group is a company that offers values essential for making innovations happen. For this, we must maintain an excellent reputation among our customers so that they will say, “Because of the Nitto Group’s involvement in the crucial part of our development process, we are able to realize products that we want to create.” I believe whether or not we can continue to offer such value will hold the key to our growth over the mid- and long-term. The Nitto Group has identified material issues for sustainability in order to simultaneously solve social issues and enhance corporate value. Two criteria were used for selection: whether it is for “co-creating value through innovation,” which is achieved through products and services, and whether it is for “enhancing management quality for co-creating value,” which is made possible by reinforcing the management foundations. In addressing these, we begin by recognizing risks and opportunities associated with each issue and feed them back to business plans.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Niva, Inc.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NKT sro", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Fair, sustainable – and accountable About us Sustainability Sustainability should always be a vital part of how we do business. It is at the foundation of every business decision, every technological development, every human factor and every client relationship. It is not about simply maintaining a position, it is about moving forward, innovating, developing. It is about seeing new opportunities and acting upon them. Our world’s reliance on power is total. Like nothing else on earth, electricity drives our modern existence, but we cannot demand it at all costs. We have a responsibility to ensure that how we create it, deliver it and use it, is in the best interests of the future generations to come. Here we, as the link between power source and user, have a vital role to play. Tangible actions For us, it’s a journey – where the departure is taking on this responsibility to society by ensuring constant attention at every level; not just for the products, but equally on how we make, install and decommission them with careful consideration for the safety of both people and the environment. To navigate we have the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) which outline a blueprint for a better world and provide us with tangible guidelines for our actions - from our factory floor in Karlskrona to the boardroom in Copenhagen, from the ocean floor to the Baltic 1 windfarm in the Baltic Sea and every cable, connection and termination in between.", "Link": "https://www.nkt.com/about-us/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "NN Life Insurance Company and NN Penzijní společnost", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable and Impact Investing funds HomeIn societyResponsible investment Sustainable and Impact Investing funds Our asset manager, NN Investment Partners has been integrating ESG (Environmental, Social, Governance) factors into the investment process for over a decade. In addition, NN Investment Partners offers Sustainable and Impact strategies, where we strive to generate financial performance as well as clearly contributing to sustainable development. Assets under management in these strategies increased by EUR 6 billion to EUR 22.7 billion in 2019. Sustainable strategies NN Investment Partners’ sustainable investing offering invest in companies with sustainable business models and include equity, credit, and multi-asset strategies. Sustainable Equities invests in a diversified portfolio that combines risks and opportunities linked to ESG factors combined with a thorough financial analysis. We offer a European and a global variant of this strategy. Our four Enhanced Index Sustainable Equity strategies - Emerging Markets, Global, North America and Europe apply exclusions and a positive selection approach to combine the low tracking error similar to passive funds and a strong sustainability profile. bonds, while applying positive selection and a stricter view on controversies. Balanced European Sustainable is a diversified multi-asset strategy targeting long-term capital growth. It invests in a portfolio of European stocks and euro-denominated fixed income instruments. Impact strategies NN Investment Partners offers equity, fixed income and private debt impact strategies that target measurable positive impact while generating attractive financial returns. NN Investment Partners has three impact strategies: With our Green Bond strategy we are leading the market both from a volume and performance perspective, with our diversified offering including short-duration, corporate bond and blended variants. Our Impact Equities strategy offers a global diversified and three thematic funds, focusing on our impact themes of People (Health & Well-being), Planet (Climate & Environment) and Prosperity (Smart Connectivity). In Emerging Market Loans we partner with the Dutch Entrepreneurial Development Bank (FMO) to co-invest in loans arranged by FMO in emerging and frontier markets. Finally, NN Investment Partners offers clients the opportunity to set up Sustainable or Impact Investing mandates according to their specific sustainability preferences and investment beliefs; tailored mandates have been managed since 2005. Our responsible investment policy framework HomeIn societyResponsible investment Responsible investment policy framework To demonstrate and disclose our vision and approach on Responsible Investment (RI), NN Group developed the Responsible Investment Framework policy. With seven key principles, we highlight the measures we will take to responsibly invest our own assets, as well the assets that our customers entrust to us. NN applies different Responsible Investment(RI) strategies, such as norms-based, voting, engagement, ESG integration and, as a measure of last resort, restriction. Our approach is a reflection of our investment beliefs, the organisation’s values, relevant laws, and internationally recognized norms and standards, based on which minimum requirements have been developed for the investment process. More detail on our RI approach can be found in the Responsible Investment Framework policy Restrictions NN expects the companies it invests in to act in accordance with the United Nations Global Compact and OECD Guidelines. If we assess companies to severely and systematically violate these standards, an engagement process will be started. We will only decide to restrict individual companies when engagement is not or no longer considered feasible to change the conduct or involvement in specific business activities of those companies. Such a decision will not be taken lightly and only where we believe that restriction is a balanced and proportionate response. Restrictions may also arise when companies demonstrably have activities in the trade of arms to central governments or non-state actors that are sanctioned by a UN or EU arms embargo. This is also the case for companies that develop, produce, maintain or trade ‘controversial weapons’. Weapons that we define as controversial include anti-personnel landmines, cluster munitions, biological weapons, chemical weapons, depleted uranium ammunitions, and white phosphorus weapons. Furthermore, companies involved in nuclear weapon activities are also restricted under certain conditions. Furthermore, NN applies restrictions to corporate issuers involved in tobacco production, or oil sands production and controversial pipelines, or the mining of thermal coal. Finally, NN does not invest in sovereign issuers against which arms embargoes have been issued by the UN Security Council. The most recent Exclusion List can be downloaded here. Statement on Coal The restriction of companies that derive more than 30 percent of revenue from coal mining is part of our Statement on Coal. The statement describes all the steps that NN is taking to address the risks and environmental concerns associated with coal. These include steps to engage with companies as well as a phase out of thermal coal in our proprietary investments and insurance business. Taking together, we believe that these steps will further our efforts to support the transition to a low-carbon economy. Guidance papers We use guidelines, such as the UN Global Compact to help us evaluate the corporate behaviour of companies in which we (may) invest. The UN Global Compact is a set of 10 principles for responsible corporate behaviour in four areas: human rights, labour relations, environment, and anti-corruption. For these areas, NN is developing papers, with the objective of providing guidance to our asset managers. The first papers are on Human Rights and the Environment. Global Voting Policy Part of investing responsibly means exercising our voting rights as shareholders. NN has a Global Voting Policy in place to guide our actions when voting on standard resolutions. The policy lays down the high-level voting principles that every NN Group business follows. Every vote that NN Investment Partners casts at shareholder meetings – including proprietary and third-party asset voting – can be reviewed on the proxy voting website.", "Link": "https://www.nn-group.com/In-society/Responsible-investment/Sustainable-and-Impact-Investing-funds.htm"}
{"Company Name": "NNIT Czech Republic Ltd.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility ​​​​​​​​​​​​​Corporate Social Responsibility Policy​ ​​The Company’s business objectives and core business values: “open and honest, value adding and conscience driven” are integrated and reflected in NNIT’s ​​Corporate Responsibility Policy. NNIT is committed to develop its business based on a combination of running a profitable company with continued growth, while acting socially responsible. Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives ​ In addition to a general approach to proper and diligent business conduct, NNIT adheres to universal principles such as those defined by the UN Global Compact. NNIT reports to UN annually through the UN Global Compact Communication on Progress. ​ Boosting interest in technology among kids and students NNIT’s CSR initiatives are centered around education and growing the interest in IT and technology among children and young people. As a responsible company, we recognize the need for additional focus on technology in primary school and beyond in order to meet the digital future of which we are all part. NNIT therefore supports initiatives that inspire the young generation to explore the possibilities of IT and technology and ultimately strengthen the talent pool within IT and technology – not just for the benefit of NNIT, but for society in general. Engineer the future Engineer the future is a technological alliance in Denmark between more than 50 companies, schools, universities and interest groups. The alliance works to bring Danish engineers, technology and science students and professionals to the highest level of expertise and to ensure that young people choose technology and natural sciences as a career path. The methods are among others branding, storytelling and public relations. NNIT supports Engineer the future and actively participates in activities organized by the alliance. Coding Class Coding Class is an initiative headed by the Danish IT Association and a number of leading IT companies in Denmark. The purpose of Coding Class is to expose children to IT and technology in a fun, yet educational way and thus allow them a better understanding of the digital world surrounding us. By placing IT training and education on the political agenda, Coding Class aims to have IT included as a mandatory subject in early school years.", "Link": "https://www.nnit.com/about-us/Pages/CSR.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "NO77 sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nokian Tires Ltd.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "The Corporate Sustainability Report 2019 has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards, and it has been assured by an independent third party. The Corporate Sustainability report describes Nokian Tyres’ work on sustainability actions in 2019 in terms of product liability and safety as well as social, economic, and environmental responsibility. In 2019, Nokian Tyres assessed the risks and opportunities of climate-related changes, aligned with the recommendations of Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The results are included in the Corporate Sustainability Report. Sustainability is an essential part of our daily work and leadership, which is guided by the Group strategy and values. Nokian Tyres Sustainability Road Map guides our work on sustainability. The Road Map was established in 2015 and we update it yearly. In 2018, we conducted a sustainability survey, where our most important internal and external stakeholder groups defined their individual material topics and risks and opportunities in Nokian Tyres’ sustainability. Based on the survey and our own sustainability group’s analysis, we formed nine new material topics: 1. Responsibility in material choices and promoting the circular economy 2. Continuous development of the road safety of tires 3. Fighting global warming: reducing the rolling resistance of tires 4. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions from all operations – Use of renewable energy and improving energy efficiency 5. Human rights in the supply chain 6. Risk management and good governance 7. Responsible and ethical purchasing policies 8. High level of safety and health at work 9. Profitable growth and indirect economic impact Sustainability has been an integral part of Nokian Tyres Scandinavian values and heritage. Three years ago, we integrated it even more deeply into our daily work: we created our own sustainability road map. We set clear goals and we are happy to see some of them achieved ahead of schedule. Currently, only 195 out of 13,475 Automobiles & Parts companies have committed themselves to the principles of UNGC. We are committed and want Nokian Tyres to be seen as a sustainability benchmark in the industry. We had a good year in 2018, achieving improved net sales and operating profit, as well as remaining on track with our corporate sustainability goals set in 2017. We received recognition for our sustainability improvements when Nokian Tyres was again selected for the Dow Jones’ DJSI World sustainability index as well as for the more strictly defined DJSI Europe index. In February, we received the Silver Class distinction in the RobecoSAM Sustainability Yearbook 2019. This international recognition shows how integrated sustainability is with our growth strategy. Another concrete example of our sustainability is our new factory, which is being built in Dayton, US. We have taken environmental and safety factors into account already in the planning phase. The new testing center in Spain, which is under construction, will be self-sufficient in energy through an environmentally friendly solar power plant on site. WE ARE INTEGRATING UNGC PRINCIPLES AND SDG’S INTO OUR BUSINESS Sustainability is an integral part of our everyday work and leadership, and it is at the core of our business and strategy. We have been members of the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) initiative since 2015. At Nokian Tyres, we provide jobs and livelihoods for several thousand people, not just for our own employees, but also for our subcontractors. In 2018, we conducted a survey to assess the most important sustainability factors for our internal and external stakeholders. Human rights in our supply chain was seen to be a key priority. Highlighting the topic is an example of our commitment to UNGC and its objectives, and we have now revised our Code of Conduct to cover sustainability in all of our procurement channels.", "Link": "https://www.nokiantyres.com/company/publications/sustainability-reports/"}
{"Company Name": "NonStop Consulting sro", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Nordic Telecom Ltd.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NORMA Czech sro", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "strong commitment, together with a well-integrated corporate social responsibility strategy, sets the framework for how NORMA Group conducts business around the world. Every day, in every single thing we do, we work to go above and beyond expectations, to ensure the highest standards of environmental and business governance. This applies to all our supply chains, across all operations worldwide. As well as to all our relations, internal and external, in our daily course of business. We insist on absolute integrity, transparency, compliance standards and respect for human rights. As a global company operating in 100 countries, the total and unquestioning inclusion of one and all – regardless of race, religion, color, creed, gender or orientation – is fundamental to the way we conduct our business. It’s a mindset: where we harness the power of diversity to expand our ideas, enrich our experiences, grow our talent pool and strengthen our innovative prowess. As NORMA Group brings to market engineered joining technology solutions, we never lose sight of the greater good: a cleaner environment, safer communities and better quality of life for people. Hence, we work, one connection at a time, to fulfill the obligations that we first and foremost, set on ourselves to deliver. Corporate Responsibility Strategy NORMA Group wishes to contribute to a sustainable society for people and the environment by the way we do business. Our corporate responsibility strategy helps us behave responsibly and at the same time secure our position as a global market and technology leader in engineered joining technology. Responsibility, honesty and mutual respect characterize our company culture – for both our management and our employees – and for NORMA Group as a whole in dealing with its business partners. NORMA Group’s Compliance Management is the core component for the implementation of this topic. Compliance “Secure connections” – this claim applies not only to our product solutions, but also to the day-to-day business and business relationships of NORMA Group. For this reason, we pursue Group-wide compliance management with representatives at all levels of the company. Compliance management is based on specific frameworks, such as the Code of Conduct, on which employees receive regular training. If our employees or external parties observe violations, there are various reporting channels available for them to use. Human RightsNORMA Group categorically rejects the violation and restriction of human rights in all forms. We are committed to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights as well as to the core labor standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO). This commitment is reflected to our employees in our Code of Conduct and to our business partners in our Supplier Code of Conduct.", "Link": "https://www.normagroup.com/corp/en/cr/"}
{"Company Name": "Noroo Bee Chemical Czech Ltd.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NOVAK'S International sro", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Novartis sro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate responsibility is endorsed and ingrained at the highest level of Novartis and is central to how we run our business. Our Corporate Responsibility Strategy Novartis has a sound strategy to navigate a world with a growing, aging population and continuously evolving healthcare needs. Our strategy supports the Novartis purpose and is centered around four key areas: holding ourselves to the highest ethical standards, being part of the solution on pricing and access to medicines, helping tackle global health challenges and being a responsible citizen. A group of women in Lebanon speak Expanding Access to Healthcare Developing new and innovative ways to reach people in lower-income countries is one of our top priorities. To expand access to healthcare, we pursue a variety of approaches. Learn More Expanding Access to Healthcare Woman typing on a keyboard Ethics, Risk & Compliance We are committed to creating a culture of integrity and trust through strict adherence to the Novartis Code of Conduct. Learn More Ethics, Risk & Compliance A man harvesting jatropha nuts Environmental Sustainability We strive to make efficient use of natural resources and to minimize the environmental impact of our activities and products. Learn More Environmental Sustainability Team reviewing a 3D-model on a screen Culture and Employees We work to promote the well-being of our associates and strengthen our company’s culture to support our ability to execute our strategy. Learn More Culture and Employees Corporate Responsibility Reporting and Disclosure Novartis has a strong history of corporate responsibility activities, and transparent reporting is a central part of our commitment. Learn More Corporate Responsibility Reporting and Disclosure Environmental Sustainability Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Novartis aims to hold itself to the highest standards of sustainability and ethical business practices. We take bold steps to increase access to medicines, tackle complex global health challenges, and do our part as a responsible corporate citizen. Learn More Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Our ambition is to be a catalyst for positive change and a leader in environmental sustainability. We aim to drive sustainability through our own operations, as well as those of our suppliers, and we have set ambitious targets to minimize our impacts on climate, waste and water. We have already made significant progress. While Novartis Group sales have increased in the past 10 years, our consumption of energy and water, as well as our greenhouse gas emissions, have declined. Our Targets Climate Climate Carbon neutral in our operations by 2025. Our climate targets meet the criteria of the Science Based Targets Initiative. Learn More Climate Water Water Water neutral in all areas of our operations by 2030. Learn More Water Waste Waste Plastic neutral by 2030. Learn More Waste", "Link": "https://www.novartis.com/our-company/corporate-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "NSG MORISON", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "NOVOGEAR, SPOL. s ro", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "O2 Czech Republic a.s.", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our Blueprint Our Blueprint’s ambition is to help 20 million people live better with tech by 2020. We’re getting behind causes that count; the kind that make every day better for people in our communities. Our strategy is to create digital products and services that help our customers’ businesses grow. And to enable them to improve the lives of their employees and of people in their communities. Mobility is at the heart of what we do, helping you to grow with confidence, create more opportunities, and embrace new solutions. Now and in the future. See our Blueprint image Helping our customers We’re helping our customers be more competitive. Build customer engagement. And increase productivity, with smarter ways of working. We’ll help you make the most of mobility and get more from technology to help you achieve a more sustainable business. Talk to us image Running our business responsibly O2 Recycle allows trade-in of old phones and devices for cash or other incentives. Each devices is processed for re-use, recycling or disposal. Eco rating: We're the first UK mobile network to label our phones with a simple score for their environmental and ethical performance. We separate the cost of phone and airtime. Customers can recycle their old handset for cash or keep it, saving money and the planet's resources. Paperless billing: we were printing over 139 million sheets of paper every year. Phasing out paper bills makes business and environmental sense. Go Think Big: we’re working with young people to develop their skills and experience to help them get a foot on the career ladder. Our NSPCC partnership has driven nearly 5 million actions to keep kids safe online. And provides help and advice on topics such as cyberbullying. Innovation and insight The digital revolution is re-shaping the way we live, work and interact. As a digital provider and acknowledged recognised sustainability leader, we have an opportunity to help shape the future. In 2018, we launched 5G testbeds to show how our investment in 5G will bring more data, faster connectivity and meaningful uses for the Internet of Things (IoT), Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR). It is estimated that 5G productivity savings will be £6 billion/year, enabling digital inclusion for all. Wayra UK is our world-leading tech accelerator and part of Telefónica Open Future, the global corporate entrepreneurship network. In partnership with Wayra UK, we’re helping startups accelerate technology and innovation. And designing mobility solutions to support further sustainability. We’ve worked with our peers to extend the reach of our Eco Rating initiative, where our phones are labelled with a simple score for their environmental and ethical performance. And we’ve collaborated with more than 40 partners to launch our Go Think Big portal, which has provided thousands of work experience opportunities to young people. And, of course, we’re extremely proud of our flagship partnership with the NSPCC, aimed at helping keep children safe online. These results have only been achieved through great relationships and the power of partnership. It's been a collaborative journey, with hundreds of customers, agencies, charities, business partners, suppliers and peers who’ve joined us along the way. Together, we're moving energy into the future Smart Metering from O2 uses IoT connectivity and infrastructure to deliver smart metering solutions, even in hard to reach places. Our flexible and scalable network allows us to support ambitious national programmes like the UK Government’s Smart Metering initiative. We can support millions of business and consumer customers across the UK, with no need to build additional network infrastructure to deliver a UK-wide project like Smart Metering. Which is good for your costs, and good news for the environment. As with all our IoT services, collaboration plays a core role in delivering a successful Smart Metering solution. That's why we work with the best suppliers and partners to deliver for our customers. We believe Smart Meters demonstrate the power of IoT to transform lives and communities, and to make the world a more sustainable place for generations to come.", "Link": "https://www.o2.co.uk/business/why-o2/o2-business-approach-to-sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Oberbank AG pobočka Česká republika", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility Oberbank explicitly confirms to its commitment that ecological and social aspects of economic activities be always and systematically taken into account in strategic and operational considerations. Principles like reliability, stability and solidity are valuable assets that need to be treated with great care and diligence in particular in the banking sector, because the trust enjoyed with customers, employees and other social groups (stakeholders) is an asset that is of utmost importance. As an employer First and foremost, of course, we are a bank. But then, Oberbank is also an enterprise that sets great store by the wellbeing of all its employees and the health of the Company as a whole. This is because we know that success requires more than commitment, know-how and that all-important quantum of extra effort: Real success requires a nurturing general environment conducive to exceptional performance. Health Oberbank offers its employees a variety of additional benefits conducive to health in a general, holistic sense, the most important being the Bank’s Asset Health project, which aims at enhancing the quality of life and well-being of Oberbank’s employees in a sustainable way. The project is based on three pillars: physical fitness, healthy nutrition and mental equilibrium. Following an in-depth health check, the health incentive plan includes individual counselling, personal coaching and follow-up checks. Work-Life-Balance Besides the Asset Health project, Oberbank employees benefit from a variety of programmes aimed at promoting the compatibility of family life and work. Needless to say, an employer hoping for extra commitment from its staff has to invest extra effort in their well-being. Equal opportunities Oberbank admits in its strategy, enshrined in the Code of Conduct, to equal opportunities for all employees. This is regardless of cultural and ethnic origin, gender, nationality, religion, age, mental and physical abilities, marital status, education, sexual orientation and identity, belief and faith. As a business enterprise Sustainability of all action Oberbank can only be economically successful if it lives up to its social responsibility, and the Company will only be able to fulfil its responsibilities and operate for the benefit of society as a whole if it is economically successful. Accommodating the three dimensions of sustainability (economic, ecological and social) under one roof is a special entrepreneurial challenge. The Management Board has therefore taken great care to implement appropriate measures to ensure the sustainability of the Company’s business model, thus making certain that the Bank will fully live up to its social responsibility and that Oberbank’s values are not just lip service, but realised business culture and practical reality. Economic responsibility A responsible approach to conducting a business is the only way to ensure that an enterprise will be effectively and enduringly integrated in the economic structure of a region, will contribute to enhancing the common weal and generate lasting value added for society. Oberbank is expressly committed to the goal of sustainable business development. The Bank’s strategy, business policy, target planning and remuneration system put their focus on long-term business success and make sustainable, successful development the guiding principle of all corporate action.", "Link": "https://www.oberbank.com/corporate-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "OBERMEYER HELIKA a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABLE CONSTRUCTION Sustainable construction, a responsible attitude towards the environment and the preservation of limited resources are important issues which are of essential importance in view of incipient climate change. Our task as planner and consultant is to create optimum working and living standards for the occupants of buildings and simultaneously minimize negative influences on the environment, especially under changing framework conditions (globalization, climate change). Sustainability means that our planning provides solutions which are as effective as possible in technical and economical terms, even under changing framework conditions. The energy efficiency of buildings and power production plants is of essential importance in meeting our future energy demand. The creation of an energy-efficient and hence valuable property in the long-term requires overall building concepts which comprise not only the carcass and the building facade, but also the energetic utility and supply concept in the respective local environment. In this context, OBERMEYER renders the following services Energy advice Proofs according to energy saving ordinance Advice on facade design Thermal building physics Overall energy concepts Supply concepts Energy consumption calculations Feasibility studies Thermic building simulations Daylight analyses Emission analyses Renewable energy sources are an important part of the future energy supply. By using them it is possible to bring about a sustainable reduction in CO2 emissions. Renewable energies are a decisive factor for the reduction of energy costs and the right way to minimise dependency on increasing energy costs. Intelligently integrated into the overall concept of a building, an economical and efficient use of the appropriate systems is possible at this stage. OBERMEYER can plan the following for you Geothermic plants Solarthermic plants Photovoltaics Biomass utilization Heating pump installations Solar cooling Wind generators MORE INFORMATION:", "Link": "https://www.opb.de/index.php?id=187&L=1"}
{"Company Name": "Odysseus Data Services s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ogilvy & Mather", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABLE ENOUGH IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH of recycled ocean plastic, jeans that use less water during the manufacturing process, takeback programs that offer to repurpose or refurbish items … In today’s world, the examples are truly endless, and while all of these sustainable efforts may chip away at the global climate crisis, we have to ask ourselves: is “sustainable” good enough? If you asked your partner if your relationship was sustainable, and they said “yes”—would that be good enough? What if you asked your customers today if your brand was sustainable— would “yes” be good enough?(04) While any “good” a brand does to help improve the environment or social well-being of people around the world is arguably admirable—it’s likely not good enough. For brands to quickly harness the power CSR can have on its organization and on the world, the efforts need to be deeply rooted in the brand’s purpose, positioning, and action plans. While offering recycled packaging or reducing water usage in a manufacturing process may absolutely be a good thing for the brand to do, these efforts need to stem from an ethos that’s lived and breathed by every aspect of the organization. Only then will initiatives like these harness their full potential both for the world and for business. How brands choose to be a force for good and a force for growth is entirely up to them. There is no mandated way to do corporate social responsibility. These decisions are often left to the CEO, a lean sustainability department, or generally anyone within the brand who has a passion for the cause. From a reporting perspective, while many companies do leverage best practice sustainable reporting guidelines, such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), participation is voluntary. This open-ended approach to CSR is one reason we experience a plethora of different sustainable products, services, and environmentally-friendly claims flung at us from all corners of the branded world. Some of these initiatives are grounded in a larger purpose the brand truly believes in, others are one-off pet projects. So how are brands specifically getting involved with CSR? Generally, they start by hanging their hats on some wellknown acronyms – the SDGs and ESG. We believe brands have a responsibility to be both a force for good and a force for growth A common way brands connect their CSR initiatives to well-known global sustainable goals is by leveraging the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Since the creation of the goals, The United Nations Global Compact was developed as a group within the UN that’s specifically focused on working with businesses to help them adopt SDGs into their business practices. There are 17 SDGs that span the realm of: Affordable and Clean Energy (goal 7), Life Below Water (goal 14), Gender Equality (goal 5). The SDGs were adopted by all United Nations Members States in 2015. The United Nations describes them as, “the blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all. They address the global challenges we face, including those related to poverty, inequality, climate, environmental degradation, prosperity, and peace and justice. The Goals interconnect and in order to leave no one behind, it is important that we achieve each Goal and target by 2030.” (06) Each of the 17 goals has specific targets and the UN releases annual reports on progress each year. The goals and targets enable companies to get involved in specific areas that are most relevant to them – ideally in areas that are aligned to their core values Emanating a CSR stance both internally and externally through consistent, relevant engagements creates sustained value for customers and the company—and ultimately helps make the brand matter. One-off CSR projects are ever-present: from random donations, to haphazard Instagram posts about philanthropic events, these projects are easy to spot. These projects tend to reflect the personal interests of senior leaders vs. the ethos of the brand. While initiatives like these are potentially admirable, they are not connected to the core of the business and therefore have difficulty making an impact for the business or the planet due to their inconsistent presence and lack of deep connection within the organization . Many brands have sustainability initiatives, as evidenced by the “Corporate Social Responsibility” breadcrumb on the bottom of their homepage. These efforts tend to come to life through a CSR or sustainability department that produces annual sustainability performance reports. However, the few people running these engagements generally operate mostly autonomously and have limited exposure to influencing other departments throughout the business. While their remit is to report on the varied CSR initiatives in which the brand embarks, their overall presence in the organization is limited and certainly not central to the brand’s core.", "Link": "https://www.ogilvy.com/uploads/Ogilvy%20POV%20Paper%20-%20Sustainability(3).pdf"}
{"Company Name": "OHL ŽS, a.s.", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability management OHL has undertaken sustainability as a cross-strategy to create shared value, continuously and in the long term, to ensure that its business management is sustainable and responsible, allowing the company to align itself with its surroundings, to proactively face any challenges, and to generate trust and commitment amongst its stakeholders, responding to their needs. Governance in sustainability matters is led by the senior governing body, the Appointments & Remuneration Committee of OHL’s Board of Directors. Furthermore, we follow the roadmap established in the 2030 Global Agenda, promoted by the UN, incorporating Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) aligned with the company’s various areas of activity.", "Link": "https://www.ohl.es/en/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "OKAY elektrospotřebiče", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OKIN BPS", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OKsystem a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We support useful CSR projects which cover various areas. We realize that not everyone has an equal opportunity. We are concerned with helping those who really need it. Not just in economic results, but also in socially responsible behavior and the position and the strength of each company in the market. It is an honour for us to participate in these social events and to contribute.", "Link": "https://www.oksystem.com/en/about"}
{"Company Name": "OKULA Nýrsko a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Ollies dorty s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OMEGA PHARMA a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OMNIKA, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ON SEMICONDUCTOR", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate social responsibility (CSR) at ON Semiconductor is deeply rooted in our core values of integrity, respect and initiative and our Code of Business Conduct. We provide our customers around the global with a broad portfolio of innovative, energy efficient and environmentally friendly semiconductor solutions technologies. We have strong commitment to environmental sustainability, Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) compliance, responsible sourcing, philanthropy and employee volunteerism among other programs to have a positive impact on our employees, suppliers, customers and communities Corporate social responsibility (CSR) at ON Semiconductor is deeply rooted in our core values of integrity, respect and initiative and our Code of Business Conduct. We provide our customers around the global with a broad portfolio of innovative, energy efficient and environmentally friendly semiconductor solutions technologies. Respect We treat each other with dignity and respect. We share information and encourage different views in an open and honest environment. We draw out the best in each other, recognizing that diversity of backgrounds and experience are key strengths. We all win when we support each other. Integrity We mean what we say and say what we mean. Our company has set high standards for our products and individual conduct. Our reputation depends on the highest standards of ethical behavior. We are accountable for delivering our commitments on time with highest quality. We address issues objectively, using facts and constructive feedback in a work atmosphere where we do not fear open discussion or questions. When a decision has been made, we work to support it. We comply with all legal requirements and hold ourselves to the highest standards of ethical conduct. Initiative We value people who demonstrate a positive, \"can-do\" attitude, while collaborating to win. We work intelligently, with a sense of urgency, while always maintaining our commitment to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards. If a problem exists, we see it through to rapid resolution while acting in an ethical manner. Compliance and Ethics ON Semiconductor is dedicated to maintaining high ethical business standards with our employees, customers and other stakeholders. In living up to ON Semiconductor’s core values, we constantly encourage all employees and other stakeholders to lead by example. The actions of every employee should reflect an individual and collective effort to create an ethical work environment for our co-workers and business partners. More information on governance at ON Semiconductor and our Code of Business conduct.", "Link": "https://www.onsemi.com/about/company/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "OP papírna, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "we create value for our stakeholders Our vision is to lead the change towards a circular and renewable paper industry, while also being a fair and equality based company. Using our performance driven culture, we are working to catalyze these systemic changes across our own operations as well as the wider industry. We provide sustainable specialty and functional papers that are made of renewable and biodegradable materials and that are recyclable. Innovation integrated recipe management value-creating solutions enhanced sustainable solution portfolio collaborative innovation proces Security reliable supply chain contingency planning strong balance sheet stable operational procedures full integrity and compliance certified products and processes . Responsibility occupational health & safety renewable, recyclable, biodegradable products efficient and sustainable operations substantial employer locally safe & healthy products Technology advanced technologies continuous process optimization & planning investment in new assets & capabilities most modern state-of-the-art machinery accelerate expert competence", "Link": "https://www.delfortgroup.com/en/company/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "OPENN s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OpenOne a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Operátor ICT, a. s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "WASTE-FREE CITY A modern city processes and uses its municipal waste, including waste water and rainwater. The tidiness of the city will be ensured through the optimization of waste collection based on current data in real-time. Smart technologies will increase street safety, advanced assistive technologies will help to maintain a high quality of life over the long term, and data gained from sensors will help to improve the environment.", "Link": "https://www.smartprague.eu/about-smart-prague/waste-free-city"}
{"Company Name": "OPTIMA RECRUITMENT EUROPE, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Oracle Czech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY POLICY (‘BR Policy’) 1. Introduction Oracle strives to meet its social responsibilities and has processes to integrate social, environmental, and ethical and human rights concerns into its business operations and core strategy. Oracle aims to develop itself as a long term, sustainable business that delivers value for all its Stakeholders including but not limited to; its shareholders, employees, clients, suppliers, business partners, and the wider community. By managing its business responsibly, Oracle supports the creation of a financially stable organization that delivers value to its Stakeholders. Oracle is fully committed to the introduction of the BR Policy and intends that business responsibility initiatives should become embedded, where appropriate, into its policies and practices, to the benefit of its employees, suppliers, environment as well as the wider community (‘Stakeholders’). Oracle has already adopted a plethora of policies which contribute and enhance its business responsibility initiatives and Oracle desires to build on these policies in future. 2. Core Values Oracle aims to be recognized as an organization that is transparent and ethical in all its dealings as well as making a positive contribution to the community in which it operates. It is committed to the following core values in all aspects of its work, including the fulfillment of its social responsibility:  Integrity  Mutual respect  Teamwork  Ethics  Fairness  Compliance  Innovation  Customer satisfaction 3. BR Strategies Oracle seeks to achieve its corporate and social objectives by focusing on the following strategic areas:  Ethical Business Conduct – ensuring the implementation of the Oracle Code of Ethics and Business Conduct in a more robust manner for the employees as well as the Suppliers  Anti-Corruption and Business Courtesy – Ensure that the Global Anti Corruption and Business Courtesy Guidelines are adhered to in every geography that Oracle conducts its business  Workplace – addressing the needs and aspirations of its employees through the continued development of diversity, work-life balance and health and well-being policies and initiatives. In particular ensuring a workplace that is safe and free of any harassment of any kind  Community – encouraging greater involvement in team/individual projects in support of the wider community.  Environment – investing in the continued development of environmental management practices that minimize waste and maximize efficiencies. 4. Existing Policies Oracle’s existing policies address the issues listed above. Oracle will continue to focus on integrating these existing policies with the nine principles enshrined in the ‘National Voluntary Guidelines on Social, Environmental and Economic responsibilities of Business’ framed by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs read with the Business Responsibility requirements under Clause 55 of the Listing agreement entered by the Company with stock exchanges. 5. Guiding Principles We at Oracle:  Recognize that we must integrate our business values and operations to meet the expectations of our Stakeholders and fulfill our obligations as a responsible business organization.  Recognize that the social, economic and environmental responsibilities are integral to our business. We aim to demonstrate these responsibilities through our actions and within our corporate policies.  Take seriously all feedback, complaints and compliments that we receive from our Stakeholders and, wherever possible we try to maintain open dialogue to ensure that we fulfill the requirements outlined within this policy.  Shall be open and honest in communicating our policies, strategies, targets, performance and governance in our continued commitment to sustainable development.  Shall strive to improve our environmental performance through implementation of sustainable development and environmental policies.  Shall encourage dialogue with local communities for mutual benefit.  Will record and resolve customer complaints in accordance with our published standards of service.  Shall encourage our employees to help local community/organizations and activities.  Shall operate as an equal opportunities employer for all present and potential future employees.  Will offer our employees clear and fair terms of employment and provide resources to enable their continued development.  Shall provide safeguards to ensure that all employees are treated with respect and without sexual, physical or mental harassment.  Shall provide, and strive to maintain, a clean, healthy and safe working environment.  Shall uphold the values of honesty, integrity and fairness in our relationships with Stakeholders.  Shall ensure that the contracts with suppliers will clearly set out the agreed terms & conditions and the basis of our relationship  Shall ensure that the laws relating to Data Protection are scrupulously followed  Shall ensure that the laws relating to Human Rights especially relating to child labor are followed not only by Oracle but also by the suppliers who supply goods and services to Oracle 6. Constitution of Business Responsibility Committee We have constituted a Business Responsibility Committee, which consists of representatives from key business functions who shall meet at least once in a financial year. The BR Committee shall oversee matters concerning the BR Policy implementation and guidance and shall have powers to decide on any matter or doubt with regard to the applicability, interpretation, operation and implementation of the BR policy. It shall function as the Grievance Redressal Cell and shall also deal with matters concerning Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as may be required as per the law of the land. The Business Responsibility Committee shall be headed by the Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer and shall consist of the following members:  Managing Director & Chief Executive Officer who shall also act as the Chairman and the BR Head of the Business Responsibility Committee  Chief Financial Officer  Vice President – Business Planning & Operations  Vice President – Human Resources  Chief Accounting Officer  Company Secretary  Legal Director & OFSS Ethics and Compliance Officer The Committee shall meet as required and the quorum of the Committee shall be the presence of any three members. Electronic presence through video or audio conferencing is permitted 7. Ownership  The MD & CEO reports progress and results to the Board of Directors.  The Company Secretary acts as Secretary to the BR Committee and co-ordinates the meetings of the Business Responsibility Committee.  This policy is owned and driven by Oracle Legal", "Link": "http://www.oracle.com/us/industries/financial-services/financial-br-policy-1974851.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "Oresi s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Orion Pharma s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Enliven Patients Assistance Program (EPAP) Orion Pharma Limited defines Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) as a concept whereby a company integrates social and environmental concerns in its business operation and in its interaction with its stakeholders on a voluntary basis. Orion Pharma Limited incorporates the CSR practice in the policy and has established the CSR as its 7th value as 'Share Social Responsibility'. As a continuation of our CSR practice Orion Pharma Limited introduces Enliven Patients Assistance Program (EPAP). EPAP is an endeavor to provide Enliven at subsidised price or in some cases at free of cost for the underprivileged blood cancer patients in Bangladesh. Founded in 2004, EPAP has served more than one hundred CML (Chronic Myeloid Leukemia) patients so far with a vow of maintaining this further. Doctor's inspiration, our aspiration 1. Imatinib Mesylate (Enliven) is a novel medicine for CML patients. It gives hope to the hopeless CML patients. To help the poor patients of CML, Orion Pharma Ltd. is running EPAP (Enliven Patients Assistance Program) which offers Enliven @ discount rates. EPAP is very successful and very much helpful for the patients of CML. This kind of humanitarian efforts to share Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) is appreciable. I hope that in near future many companies will come to share their social responsibilities. All Physicians and Hematologists can help the CML patients through EPAP project. I wish every success for EPAP As a continuation of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), Orion Pharma Ltd. Conducted an inauguration ceremony of \"Orion Medical Scholarship\" at \"Orion Renal & General Hospital\" Kalabagan, Dhaka on 27 April, 2019 presided by Director of ORION and Trustee of Orion Pharma Welfare Trust Mrs. Arzuda Karim. Orion Pharma always appreciates the 'going-to-be-doctor' who already got admitted into the medical college and decided to sacrifice their life in exchange of bringing smile to the face of ailing humanity. Orion Pharma Ltd. has decided to be with those masterminds in this voyage towards a noble mission by offering scholarship to those medical students of the country who cannot afford the exorbitant cost of medical education. All together 07 (Seven) students are awarded by Orion Pharma Welfare trust through a random lottery process. These selected students will enjoy all the facilities under the \"Orion Medical Scholarship\" programme, from their 1st to 5th academic year. All poor and meritorious students from different Govt. Medical Colleges are eligible to apply for this scholarship in the beginning of their first academic year. Medical students along with their parents were present on this auspicious program and showed heartfelt gratitude to Orion Pharma Management for this noble effort. As part of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), Orion Pharma Ltd. conducted an inauguration ceremony of 'Orion Medical Scholarship' at Orion House on 10 May 2018 presided by the Chairman of ORION Mohammad Obaidul Karim. The occasion was also graced by the Director and Trustee of Orion Pharma Welfare Trust Mrs. Arzuda Karim and Managing Director of Orion Salman Obaidul Karim. Orion Pharma always encourages the 'going-to-be-doctor' who already got admitted into the medical college and decided to sacrifice their lives in exchange of bringing smile to the face of ailing humanity. Orion Pharma Ltd. has decided to be associated with those masterminds in this voyage towards a noble mission by offering scholarship to those medical students of the country who hardly can afford the exorbitant cost of medical education. The underprivileged, poor and meritorious students of each year (1st year to 5th year) from different Govt. Medical Colleges are eligible to apply for this scholarship. Medical students along with their parents were present on this auspicious program and showed heartfelt gratitude to Orion Pharma Management for this noble effort.", "Link": "https://www.orionpharmabd.com/csr/home"}
{"Company Name": "Orkla Foods Česko a Slovensko a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Sustainability is high on the agenda here at Orkla. We want to take our share of responsibility and contribute to solving the global health and sustainability challenges. We do this by developing healthier food products, reducing food waste and launching new products that are good, everyday environment-friendly choices. For several years now we have been actively engaged in efforts to preserve the rainforest and we work purposefully to ensure that the raw materials we use in Orkla products do not contribute to deforestation. In our sustainability strategy we have set clear objectives for our work up to 2025, and we have highlighted five main areas in which Orkla’s efforts will be important for both society at large and our long-term value creation. Sustainable growth is the new norm for business and industry. As a major Nordic company, we at Orkla have a responsibility for leading the way in our industry. In 2015, we joined other Global Compact companies all over the world in placing the new UN global Sustainable Development Goals on our agenda.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ORLEN SERWIS SPÓŁKA AKCYJNA, odštěpný závod", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Responsible Care is the chemical industry’s global initiative under which chemical plants commit to work together to continuously improve their health, safety and environmental performance, and to openly communicate about their activities. The initiative is carried out by national chemical industry associations in 52 countries worldwide. Companies which are members of those associations account for over 87% of the global chemicals production. In Poland, the initiative has been implemented under the supervision of the Polish Chamber of the Chemical Industry since 1992, under the name “Odpowiedzialność i Troska” (Responsibility and Care). To date it has been joined by 38 companies, including manufacturers, distributors and recyclers. Each year its participants undertake to accomplish particular tasks in order to improve their performance in the area of health, safety and environment. They also prepare the required reports and submit them to the Secretarial Office of the initiative. Based on these reports, the Employers Association at the Polish Chamber of the Chemical Industry publishes an annual Environmental Report. Thanks to this particular component of the initiative, the chemical industry became one of the pioneers of open disclosure policy in the area of environmental protection in Poland. As we are aware of the impact of our operations on the natural environment, while conducting business activity we always ensure that the maximum possible environmental neutrality is maintained during production processes, and product storage and distribution. The pro-environmental investment projects launched in recent years allowed us to reduce emissions of pollutants while increasing the processing volumes. PKN ORLEN, by a decision of the Polish Council of Ministers (Regulation of the Council of Ministers of 1 July 2008 on the adoption of the National Plan for the Allocation of CO2 Emission Allowances in 2008–2012 under the Community Emissions Trading Scheme, Polish Journal of Laws Dz. U. no. 202, item 1248 of 14 November 2008) received CO2 emission allowances for the period of 2008–2012. Those allowances will be used to calculate the actual and auditor revised emission in the period. The Company has a permit to participate in the Community Emissions Trading Scheme for emissions from: the CHP and refinery units – valid until 31 Dec 2014; the petrochemical cracking unit – Olefins II – valid until 31 Dec 2017. GHG emission is generated from processes covered by the CO2 emissions trading scheme: fuel combustion in fuel combustion units (combined heat and power plant); combustion in refinery unit devices, in particular furnaces, flares, stationary combustion engines; refinery processes (hydrogen production, catalyst regeneration, decoking of furnace chambers (pipes), hydrogen sulphide utilisation. We signed up for the initiative in August 1997. At the time of signing the Responsible Care Declaration of Membership the Company operated under the name Petrochemia Płock S.A. We voluntarily and knowingly committed ourselves to act towards mitigating the impact on the environment, protecting the heath and improving the safety of our employees and local communities. Because the initiative incorporates all elements of the Environmental Management System and, additionally, some elements of process safety and protection of employees’ health, it became an integral part of that System. Implementation of the Responsible Care initiative became one of the objectives of the Environmental Policy adopted by Petrochemia Płock S.A. in 1998 and revised in 2001 and 2006. In 2007, we celebrated the tenth anniversary of our joining of the initiative. Within a decade we accomplished 92 tasks. In 2007, the President of PKN ORLEN’s Management Board signed the declaration of support for the Responsible Care Global Charter, developed on the initiative of the International Council of Chemical Associations (ICCA). The Charter is a measure aimed at voluntary self-regulation of entities operating in the chemical industry, in order to protect the environment as well as human health and safety worldwide. The Charter also addresses the possibilities of meeting challenges connected with sustainable development and responsible management of chemicals, and calls for greater transparency in the chemical industry. It was highly appreciated by Kofi Annan, the UN Secretary General, who described the commitments made under it as “inspiring models of self-regulation that other industries should consider following”. The “Catch the Hare” photo competition for employees of companies implementing the Responsible Care programme enjoys unabated popularity. Below are the winning photos taken by PKN ORLEN employees from the 2014 edition of the competition: As industry has material impact on the natural environment and on human life, it is extremely important to make this impact as neutral as possible. This goal requires a consistent approach and involves expenditure. Our spending on environmental protection projects at the Płock Production Plant in 2008 were higher by 112% compared with 2007, and reached PLN 259,12 mn. The spending on pro-environmental projects accounted for 21% of the aggregate capital expenditure of the Płock Production Plant in 2008. We implemented a number of projects mitigating the Plant’s impact on particular components of the natural environment, including: construction of HON VII (diesel oil hydrorefining) unit and the related infrastructure construction of Claus II unit and the related infrastructure alteration of process filling in wet cooling towers in the cooling system alteration of the fuel system in the Combined Heat and Power Plant soundproofing air ventilators at boilers in the Combined Heat and Power Plant upgrading of electric motors at cooling water pumps at the Refinery Cooling Towers replacement of electric engines at the Petrochemicals Cooling Towers.", "Link": "https://www.orlen.pl/EN/CSR/Pages/default.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "Osev jih, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OSTROJ a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "adopting and implementing ideas for social responsibility in the social, economic and environmental areas. OSTROJ a.s. won first place in the competition for the Moravian-Silesian Region Hetman Award for Social Responsibility in the category of large companies with more than 250 employees and withstood strong competition from the other 31 participating companies who entered the competition from across the region. The competition, held since 2008, allows businesses, public sector organizations and municipalities that operate in the region to enter. The evaluation committee considered a number of competitors using social, environmental and economic indicators. \"We really appreciate this award. It is proof that we are a responsible business for the region, its people and our own employees\", said CEO Dalibor Kuncicky who received an honorable mention from the Moravia-Silesia Region Hetman, Miroslav Novak, on April 10, 2014 at the Clarion Congress Hotel in Ostrava. \"We do not perceive social responsibility as a formality. It is a challenge that makes us look for ways to improve the quality of life within the company and beyond. We achieve this goal through honesty, dedication and the diligent work of the company employees, said Mr Kuncicky ‘praising the work of the OSTROJ employees’", "Link": "http://www.ostroj.cz/en/news/ostroj-a-s-took-first-place-for-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "OTIS a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We succeed by being a good corporate citizen With customers in approximately 200 countries and territories, Otis is a true global citizen. Everywhere we do business, we operate on the belief that financial performance and corporate responsibility go hand in hand. We see corporate citizenship as both a moral responsibility and a business imperative – and embrace the idea that to do well, we must also do good. It’s why we invest in our local communities, encourage employee volunteerism, aim to minimize our environmental footprint, nurture a workplace culture of diversity and inclusion, and uphold the highest standards of safety, ethics and quality. As we strive to give people freedom to connect and thrive in a taller, faster, smarter world, we’re also committed to making life better everywhere we do business. Each year, our employees around the world volunteer thousands of hours of their own time to support the needs of the communities where they live and work our employees are enthusiastic advocates of Green Shoots, a program to enhance children’s learning environments by building or renovating educational facilities, setting up libraries and offering classroom lessons that help youth become more aware of the benefits of environmental stewardship and safety. Since 2011, Green Shoots has benefited thousands of children in primary schools largely in Asia, including China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. In 2019, Otis employees in Korea spent a day at a child-care center in Seoul, repairing floors, refreshing wallpaper and replacing old lockers. They also used the opportunity to tutor the children on elevator and escalator safety. In Thailand, Otis volunteers delivered water dispensers, ceiling fans and other supplies to a rural school in Lopburi province that serves 700 children in need. Our employees in Spain have partnered with the Theodora Foundation to brighten the lives of children undergoing treatment in hospitals and specialized care centers across the country. Volunteers dress as clowns as they mingle with the children, eliciting peals of laughter. Our “United for One More Smile!” campaign was recognized by Premios Empresa Social (Social Company Awards), sponsored by Fundación Gala, a nonprofit that promotes corporate social responsibility. Founded in 1993, the Theodora Foundation aims “to bring laughter and joy” to children in hospitals and special care centers by organizing visits by volunteers trained to entertain them.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OTK GROUP, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "OAK Development s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Občanské sdružení Logo", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Page Executive", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Diversity Inclusion at work is about recognising and appreciating that every individual is different. It’s about ensuring that everyone, whether a candidate seeking work through PageGroup or one of our own employees, is valued and respected and that their selection for recruitment, training or promotion is always based on professional merit. At PageGroup, we’re committed to promoting inclusion at work and to continually improving our own working environment. It is essential to the success of our business globally that the people we employ feel valued and that we understand and add value into the markets we recruit into on behalf of our clients. We’re determined to lead the way on inclusion within the recruitment industry and work closely with our clients sourcing and recruiting from a truly diverse talent pool in order to support their diversity strategies and provide them with the best possible candidates for the roles they are seeking to fill. So, what does PageGroup do to promote inclusion? PageGroup has a longstanding equal opportunities and inclusion policy which is communicated to all employees. The inclusion message within the company is co-ordinated by our OpenPage forum and our Learning and Development team ensures ongoing awareness training for all staff. As a recruitment organisation, making judgements based on candidates’ individual professional merits is at the heart of our approach. That’s why we have introduced more competency-based procedures into our selection processes. These ensure any decisions are objective and based purely on professional merit. We strive to ensure that we offer our clients the most qualified candidates on the basis of their relevant aptitudes, skills and abilities and that those candidates are drawn from diverse backgrounds. We have a variety of methods to monitor and analyse numbers from specific target groups to ensure inclusion is being actively encouraged. We advertise in a wide range of media, both online and offline. Through sponsorship of specific events we can get our message to the heart of individual communities and groups. By working with organisations such as Opportunity Now, Race for Opportunity, the Business Disability Forum and the Employers Network for Equality and Inclusion, we advance ideas and explore issues on the diversity agenda. In order to give us even greater insight into inclusion issues, we’ve joined forces with the following organisations as a corporate member: Women on Boards: The Volunteer Code for Executive Search Firms Page Executive has committed to adhere to The Voluntary Code for Executive Search Firms which was created to ensure executive search firms were supporting FTSE 350 companies to create more diverse boards and covered the relevant search criteria and processes. The code has played its part in continuing to progress the appointment of women into board positions. OUR PEOPLE People are at the heart of our business. Our purpose is to change lives for people through creating opportunity to reach potential. That starts with our own people. We listen to what our people tell us and use that feedback to drive improvement. In our bi-annual ‘Have Your Say’ employee survey in September 2017, 81% of our people completed the survey worldwide (up from 77% in 2015) with a positive engagement score of 83% (up from 81% in 2015). Using the feedback from the survey, we are developing action plans to improve our business and make PageGroup an even better place to work. To help our people continuously develop and improve their skills and abilities, we rolled out our innovative online learning system Boost! across all regions in 2017. Boost! provides online learning modules, the ability to request and track training, and self-help materials. We continue to introduce initiatives supporting more flexible ways of working and flexible benefits to suit our people's lifestyles. Our diverse, global team continues to bring different perspectives and insight to our business, generating creativity, problem-solving capability and sustainability that would not otherwise be possible. We want our people to reflect the communities in which we work, and to create an inclusive culture of trust and support where people can achieve their potential and feel comfortable being themselves. OpenPage (our commitment to inclusivity and diversity) includes a broad range of support materials, activities, networks and memberships. We are continuing to globalise their impact by extending support throughout all regions and through worldwide communication campaigns, for example supporting International Women’s Day, Pride Month and World Mental Health Day. Our commitment to changing people’s lives extends to the communities in which we live and work. Giving back to others is in our DNA and we actively encourage our people to get involved in a variety of ways. For example: Three Peaks Challenge in the UK Light the Night walk in Boston Red Cross blood donation in Belgium We continue to promote our payroll-based donation scheme with fund-matching. We encourage our people to take a volunteer day annually, using their time to support good causes – often coming together in teams to help make a real difference. SOCIETY As a service based organisation, our environmental impacts are small compared with many other businesses. However, we are committed to managing and minimising the impacts resulting from our day to day business. We have processes in place to monitor and report on our greenhouse gas emissions. All our offices are rented or serviced and we continue to seek premises which are energy efficient and where the landlords are able to provide us with data to support that aim. OUR CANDIDATES, CLIENTS, SUPPLIERS AND SHAREHOLDERS PageGroup is a leading global recruiter, with strong brands and a reputation for integrity. We continue to reinforce that position by building trust and loyalty with all our stakeholders. The way we do business is as important as what we do. We encourage a culture which puts our customers first and empowers our people to make the right decisions. We continuously look for ways to improve and involve our people in that process. We expect the same high standards from our suppliers and our supplier code of conduct is now an integral part of all our procurement activities. We constantly review our communication and engagement with our shareholders, and will continue to hold our successful investor relations events which give the opportunity to meet our Directors and regional leadership teams.", "Link": "https://www.page.com/corporate-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "PANAS, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Panasonic Automotive Systems Czech, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our Unchanging Management Philosophy and Sustainability Our Unchanging Management Philosophy and Sustainability Sustainability Policy System for the Promotion of CSR Activities Risk Management Examples of Initiatives Aimed at Addressing Social Issue (Relationship with SDGs) External Recognition History Our mission at Panasonic is to contribute to the advance of world culture by working to improve society through the products we produce and sell. Panasonic's Basic Management Objective clearly expresses the purpose of our business activities as well as the purpose of our existence. Since the company's founding in 1918, this management philosophy has formed the foundation of all our business activities. As the key element of this philosophy, we have the basic concept of the \"company as a public entity of society.\" All the management resources of a company-including the people, money, and commodities-all come from society. While the company engages in business activities using the resources entrusted by society, it also develops along with society, and so the company's activities must be transparent, fair, and just. The entire Panasonic Group takes care to ensure that our management and business activities are appropriate for \"a public entity of society,\" and we will continue to implement this management philosophy through manufacturing as our primary business. This is also the very essence of the Panasonic Group's sustainability. As we stand at historical turning points in many areas today-society, economy, global environment-the Panasonic Group will continue to promote sustainability management globally and to contribute to the future of society and the world by proposing the lifestyles of tomorrow. There is much discussion today regarding 'social responsibility,' but while the meaning of that concept can be wide-ranging depending on social conditions at a particular time, the fundamental social responsibility of a corporation, in any era, should be to improve society through its business activities. It is extremely important to manage all business activities based on this sense of mission", "Link": "https://www.panasonic.com/global/corporate/sustainability/management/philosophy.html"}
{"Company Name": "PANLUX s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Paradise Casino Admiral,a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PARAGAN s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability sits at the heart of our values. We work to a SustainAbilities Plan to respond to the mounting environmental issues, social challenges and economic pressures that impact our lives and change the definition of successful companies. It’s our way to manage risks and increase our opportunities for profitable growth, while putting sustainability at the forefront of our decision-making. Financial By using local supply chains and creating employment, we contribute to local economies and communities and demonstrate our commitment to sustainable procurement. Knowledge As well as offering lifelong training to our staff, we provide opportunities to future generations through apprenticeships, work placements and graduate training schemes. Natural In our role to fit-out and refurbish all types of buildings, we have a unique opportunity to use natural resources efficiently and set high standards in quality, influencing behaviour and best practice across the industry. Social The best way we can influence health and wellbeing is by creating opportunities and improving working and living environments for our people and communities in our local, national and global markets.", "Link": "http://intparagon.com/about/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Pardubický klub pro seniory, z.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "", "Number of employees": 14, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Parker Hannifin s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Creating a positive impact in the lives of people is the most substantial outcome of Parker’s social responsibility initiatives. With operations across the world and a broad motion and control product portfolio, every day Parker has countless opportunities to improve the lives of its team members, protect the environment and support local communities. For more than a century, Parker has viewed its ability to make a positive impact as a key measure of the company’s success. Parker’s sustainability commitment, shared by all team members around the world, helps to align and reinforce their efforts and shapes the company's success: “To responsibly help solve the world’s greatest engineering challenges to foster enduring success for the company, customers and communities.” The impact of this commitment is highlighted across three key areas where Parker has an opportunity to maximize the results of its social responsibility efforts. PeopleWith a distinctive culture where all team members are empowered to make decisions, Parker has attracted some of the most driven and talented individuals from around the world, who are the foundation of the company’s success. PlanetParker team members are applying their technical knowledge and creativity to simplify complex manufacturing processes, reduce production waste and design products and systems that precisely balance performance and efficiency. This strategy fulfills a shared responsibility to solve challenges for customers while minimizing environmental impact to help create a better future. ProductsParker’s products and systems can be found on and around almost everything that moves, and improving efficiency throughout the product lifecycle represents an important opportunity to minimize environmental impact while creating significant value for customers.", "Link": "https://www.parker.com/portal/site/PARKER/menuitem.c7aa7c198ba66c9a5829dd92427ad1ca/?vgnextoid=18f94bad565e4310VgnVCM10000014a71dacRCRD&vgnextfmt=default"}
{"Company Name": "Pet Food CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Consumers, including pet owners, are becoming more concerned about and interested in sustainability, and even starting to put their money where their mouths are and shop for consumer goods accordingly. For example, 85% of U.S. consumers think the average person should be taking steps to reduce their impact on the environment, showed a recent EcoPulse survey conducted by the Shelton Group, a marketing agency focused on sustainability. Further, 41% want to be viewed as someone who’s taking such steps, including buying green products, and “25% can name a brand they’ve purchased — or not purchased — because of the environmental record of the manufacturer,” wrote Suzanne Shelton, CEO of the group, on GreenBiz.com. Specific to pet owners, such data is more difficult to find, especially outside of packaging, which has to date received most of the attention around sustainability in pet food. Pet-owning consumers do indeed care about sustainable and recyclable packaging: 30% of U.S. pet owners try to avoid pet foods with excess packaging, according to Packaged Facts. Yet they are also starting to care more about the sustainability of pet food itself, which often relates to protein sources. Do pet owners look for sustainability claims on pet food labels? A 2017 survey of U.S. pet owners conducted by Packaged Facts showed only 2% of dog and cat owners selected sustainable/eco-friendly formulation as a product claim drawing them to purchase. That’s a low percentage, but it was stacked up against claims such as \"Made in the USA\" (most popular by far, at 31-32%) and ones stemming from longtime trends like natural and limited ingredient. Other claims related to sustainability drew slightly higher: local sourced and humane/ethically raised, 3-4%; and fair trade, 2-3%. Pet food companies are responding to this small but growing interest. As of September 2018, products with grass-fed claims (as in, the animals providing the protein in the foods were fed only grass) accounted for a tiny 0.04% of U.S. pet food sales but had increased by 156% over the previous year, according to Nielsen. Meanwhile, pet foods with cage-free or free-range claims totaled only 0.08% of sales but grew 46%. Ongoing pet food protein research project As for scientific studies into the sustainability of pet food, particularly protein sources, only a few exist. To remedy that, the Pet Sustainability Coalition (PSC) began a research project in 2018 with Iowa State University looking at four areas regarding pet food and sustainability: environment, social, nutrition and animal welfare. The project is ongoing. In a webinar on November 19, Nick Sterling, a supply chain consultant to PSC who serves on the research team, provided an overview of findings to date, which are based on a review of existing literature and data. For example, the researchers started with World Wildlife Federation data on the ecological footprints of cats and dogs, then added U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) data on factors such as the weight and percentages of meat in typical pet food proteins. This led to a lifecycle assessment of various protein sources, not just by species but also by cuts and grades of meat, such as human grade, byproducts and offal. As is often claimed with human food, beef sources are the largest contributors to greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions, with human grade beef contributing more than byproducts and offal. Comparatively, poultry was the lowest contributor (with more contributions coming from human grade cuts), followed by pork, fish and sheep/lamb.* A look at land use contributions was similar, though beef’s role was even more significant; it was also significant regarding water usage but came in second to fish, understandably. The researchers also looked at eutrophication (an excess of nutrients in a body of water, frequently due to runoff from the land) and acidification (a decrease in pH of water); beef and fish, especially from aquaculture, ranked very high in these areas, particularly with human grade products. The conclusion, at least to date, is that using byproducts vs. human grade protein sources provides a large environmental benefit, Sterling said. He also framed this part of the discussion by pointing out that, while the pet food proteins’ environmental impacts may be relatively smaller than those for human food, they are all part of the same, imbalanced, broken and unsustainable global protein supply system. Pet food companies can’t outsource risk The social aspect of sustainability in pet food involves labor practices, such as the use of forced labor or mistreatment of workers, particularly in Asia. Sterling commented that while abuses in fisheries have received the most media attention, it’s overlooked that the same problems are occurring in many other areas of production, including meat processing. According to documented reports received by USDA, more than 57 common pet food ingredients are sourced from supply chains using child labor, while more than 16 have sources using modern forms of slavery. This isn’t just a matter of social values or risking consumer and media outrage; U.S. legislation is now in place for companies to take action in this area, Sterling said. “You can’t outsource risk,” he added, sharing due diligence items such as ensuring a traceable and transparent supply chain, providing contractually established supplier expectations, and monitoring, evaluating and, if necessary, correcting practices in your supply chain. Consumers today also care a lot about how all animals in the supply chain are treated – thus the growing interest in humane and animal welfare claims on pet foods. Sterling presented five standards, or freedoms, of animal welfare: freedom from hunger and thirst; discomfort; pain, injury and disease; fear and distress; and freedom to express normal behavior. He characterized these as just the minimum level but acknowledged that they are often difficult for companies to put in place. Still, it’s no longer an option not to do so, Sterling said. Individual U.S. states are mandating certain livestock production practices, led by California, not surprisingly. One law going into effect in the state in January 2020 places requirements not only on the original producer but also on manufacturers making products using those animals. Investors are increasingly requiring that companies pay attention to this, too: A Business Benchmark for Animal Welfare investment fund, for instance, assesses the animal welfare practices of more than 200 companies. What about the nutrition? Finally, and perhaps of most importance to pet food formulators, nutrition is a key component of sustainability, because if a food doesn’t deliver nutritional benefits, it’s essentially wasted. This phase of the research being conducted with Iowa State is still under way, studying the bioavailability, digestibility, ingredient quality and consumption of various protein sources. The current trend and demand for human grade ingredients in pet food, particularly protein, will likely show up in the findings. While claiming there is no silver bullet to improve sustainability in pet food, Sterling suggested a couple of options, such as whole animal utilization (using all cuts and parts of the animal’s meat). “Non-traditional cuts and products can make up 10-25% of the value of an animal and have a crucial role as a lever of change,” he said. Pet food has traditionally used some of these cuts and could probably use more. Another option is the use of alternative proteins such as insects, invasive species (think nutria or Asian carp) and cellular-based, cultured products. These are likely to get more attention in the coming years from researchers and pet food companies alike.", "Link": "https://www.petfoodindustry.com/blogs/7-adventures-in-pet-food/post/8698-why-sustainability-in-pet-food-protein-matters"}
{"Company Name": "Partners Financial Services, a.s.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Partners market Beroun", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PAS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PATOK a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PATRON-IT s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PATVAG s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PAWLICA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PB SCOM s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PBS INDUSTRY, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PEARS HEALTH CYBER, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PED Academy, z. ú.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PEGA HOIST, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PEMIC BOOKS a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Philip Morris ČR", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "A sustainable future Creating long term value while minimizing the negative externalities associated with our products, operations and value chain is our approach to sustainability. Sustainability materiality assessment To ensure our sustainability strategy addresses the most relevant topics and is aligned with societal expectations, we conducted a new sustainability assessment in 2018, involving a broad range of external and internal stakeholders. The assessment enabled us to refine our focus across the four pillars of our strategy for a smoke-free future. Stakeholder engagement As we progress towards a smoke‑free future, the trust of our stakeholders is key to our success. We engage with stakeholders on an ongoing basis in a number of ways. The infographic below shows our stakeholders by category and how we engage with them. * Where appropriate and as per local regulations ** We train customs and law enforcement officers as part of our efforts to fight illicit tobacco trade A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE Leading by example: PMI’s Lithuania factory becomes the first to go carbon-neutral Good Agricultural Practices 2 min read PMI and the environment 4 min read Climate A-list company 2 min read Sustainability governance Clear governance and management structures enable us to deliver on our commitments to sustainability. We strengthened those across our organization in 2018. In 2018, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors was formally given the mandate to oversee the sustainability strategies and performance of the company. The Committee is updated on progress by the Chief Sustainability Officer, and advises the Board on sustainability matters. Our SMT, the company’s senior management team, regularly reviews sustainability matters, strategy, key programs, and budget. Certain members of the SMT are part of our Sustainability Committees, which oversee and validate the company’s sustainability work. The Chief Sustainability Officer reports to the President External Affairs and General Counsel, a member of the SMT. Heading the Sustainability Team, the Chief Sustainability Officer leads the integration of sustainability into our business. He also coordinates the Sustainability Committees, composed of senior leaders from various functions. An increasing number of employees within the company work on sustainability on a daily basis. Some functions have dedicated teams addressing sustainability in their area of expertise. All our affiliates have appointed a local sustainability coordinator. This helps ensure that our global strategies and programs can be implemented at the market level, and that local realities are also reflected in our global efforts. Sustainable development goals Our business strategy aims to contribute to making the SDGs a reality. Our SDG prioritization is the result of a four-step process we undertook as part of our sustainability materiality analysis in 2018, which took the following approach: We mapped our sustainability work to the 17 SDGs and 169 targets; We identified the SDGs where we believe we can have the greatest positive impact; These SDGs were aligned to our sustainability strategy; and The SDG wheel was developed based on the tiered structure of our strategy. Considering the health impact of our products, SDG 3 was identified as the goal we can contribute most to, whereas human rights is an encompassing concept relevant to all SDGs.", "Link": "https://www.pmi.com/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Photon Energy Corporate Services CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Energy", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Shaping the future of solar energy Photon Energy is a global solar power solutions and services company covering the entire lifecycle of solar power systems. Our track record includes over 80 MWp of solar power plants built and commissioned and 300 MWp in our O&M portfolio. Clean energy must be for everyone. We believe energy must be accessible, clean, safe and affordable for everyone. Existing technologies for harnessing solar energy and other renewable energy sources, combined with energy storage solutions, enable everyone on our planet to have energy that is aligned with this principle. We believe access to affordable clean energy is a basic human right as it is the basis for solving water and food supply issues, and for providing access to light, communication technologies and education. Only when all people have their essential needs covered and have access to basic modern tools will our world be free and fair and humanity will access its full potential. However, with these rights and freedom comes responsibility and one’s freedom ends where someone else’s freedom is infringed. The same technologies are quickly eliminating all excuses for continuing to use any dirty or dangerous energy sources and we believe no one has the right to pollute or create virtually endless environmental liabilities just to cover today’s energy needs. We believe everyone bears individual responsibility for switching to clean and safe energy sources as soon as possible. We also manage our own proprietary portfolio of 57.1 MWp of power plants in four countries across two continents.", "Link": "http://www.photonenergy.com/about-us"}
{"Company Name": "pietro filipi stores, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PILANA SB a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Pivovary Staropramen, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable business goals of the Molson Coors group were set out on the basis of a dialogue with stakeholders that took place in 2017, as well as in compliance with 17 sustainable development goals of the United Nations, in order to refl ect problems our industry faces, from climate change to increasing need to protect valuable resources. We have always made and continue to make an eff ort to fulfi l our duties to the community, environment and consumers in order for us to be able to show our positive Beer Print. As a company that is a member of one of the biggest brewery groups in the world, we want to do much more in these fundamental issues. We want to set the trend and be the leader in this direction. In the outlook to 2025, we have earmarked three critical areas on which we want to focus. In compliance with our priorities, we have defi ned the following goals within the scope of the strategy termed Our Beer Print 2025: We shall implement even more emphatic and eff ective preventive programmes leading to responsible consumption of alcohol, better labelling of our products and a broader off er of low-alcoholic content or nonalcoholic beers for our consumers in all of our markets. In our breweries and at our suppliers, we focus on the eff ective utilisation and protection of water resources. We aim at decreasing water consumption of our raw material suppliers by 10%. We have set ambitious goals leading to the reduction of carbon dioxide emissions by 50% within the scope of our business operations and 20% in our entire value chain. In all our major plants, we shall make an eff ort to achieve zero waste landfi ll. We want to ensure that malt and hops, our key raw materials, are 100% sourced from growers who do business in compliance with sustainable development defi nitions. We want our Company, which is a member of the Molson Coors Group, to be considered as a good employer that supports the community in which it is operating. From 2016, Molson Coors and Miller Coors have invested more than CZK 500 million in these communities and up to 2025, these companies have set the goal of CZK 2.2 billion of contributions to these communities. In 2017 and 2018, Pivovary Staropramen invested more than CZK 2.5 million in the communities . Furthermore, we put emphasis on occupational safety and health protection. Our aim is to reduce of occupational injuries resulting in long-term incapacity to work by 40%. We also want to promote ethical and sustainable processes and foster diversity in our supply chain. We believe that having a beer with friends is one of life’s simple pleasures. For this reason, we are continuously working on helping our consumers to maximally enjoy this experience. We promote responsible consumption and want to provide further nutritional information on all of our products and bring non-alcoholic or low-alcohol content products to the market in order to off er an alternative to traditional beers. Product safety and consumer health During the year, we shall accomplish many audits. BRC audits have already been conducted for several years in both of our Company‘s breweries according to the BRC Global Standard for Food Safety (https://www.brcgs.com/brcgs/food-safety/). Besides the IFS standard, this standard is generally one of the most exacting in the food industry. The fi rst audit was at Ostravar, which obtained a “B” result. Staropramen obtained an “A” result. Apart from the above-stated audits, in 2018 both beer breweries accomplished extensive internal Quality and Food Safety audits, the result of which confi rmed that both breweries have implemented and maintained quality systems that guarantee the high quality and safety of our products. In 2018, a GMP+ recertifi cation audit (www.gmpplus.org) focused on the assurance of feed safety, i.e. beer brewing by-products - dregs and waste yeast, was carried out in Staropramen. The goal is to also set a high quality standard for these raw feed materials and ensure that no undesirable substances get into the food chain. Certifi cation was done by TÜV SÜD. The Staropramen Brewery has already undergone the Kosher audit (http://kosher-germany.com/koshergermany/en/checkinformation-guide-fi rst) for several years, which is focused on the Staropramen product range for the Israeli market. A Kosher audit is requested by customers to ensure that food production fulfi ls the requirements according to the Jewish dietary habits and laws. Another integral part of the quality system in our breweries is the labelling of the products and packaging materials in general. The product label information must be accurate to prevent the deception of the customer or consumer. The label information is supported by regular analyses in our internal laboratory as well as by external analyses in accredited laboratories. During development of new products according to new recipes, the quality department cooperates with the Beer and Malt Research Institute in Prague We observe strict internal rules defi ned by the Molson Coors directive on the responsible communication of products in the fi eld of marketing and trade. For several years already, we have been participating, under the patronage of the Czech Beer and Malt Association, in preventive programmes aiming at education in the area of alcohol consumption by minors and drinking in association with driving of motor vehicles. The project When I drive, I drink non-alcoholic beer originated on the soil of the Czech Beer and Malt Association and annually involves 90% of the producers of non-alcoholic beer. During the previous nine years, more than 38,000 drivers were contacted on Czech roads as part of an edifi cation campaign. For their responsible behaviour while driving, these drivers were given non-alcoholic beer and a disposable alcohol tester. Our project Stay Cool when we ask you to prove that you are 18 years of age aims at teaching sales staff how to respond in a friendly, but emphatic manner to the attempted purchase of alcohol by minors. The educational campaign draws attention to this societal problem and practically demonstrates how these situations can be solved in practice. The project started under the patronage of the Czech Beer and Malt Association and with the support by the Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic. Corporate Governance, ethics, anti-corruption measures Our Company endeavours to observe the principles of ethical business and behaviour to our customers, business partners, suppliers and last but not least to our employees. Employees are motivated to adopt the given policies as a natural part of their presence in our Company and, at the same time, for them to be able to identify any threat to these values within the scope of their working environment.", "Link": "https://pivovary-staropramen.cz/data/2019/09/16/09/sustainability_report_2018.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "Pixel Design s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PKV BUILD s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PODA a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PORR a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainable planning at PORR Design & Engineering Due to its economic significance and high resource consumption, the construction sector bears central responsibility in terms of sustainability. As a leading European construction group, we therefore consider it our duty to play an active role in shaping sustainability management. Our objective is to structure the planning, construction and operation of buildings in such a way that their economic, ecological and socio-cultural sustainability is maintained throughout their entire life cycle. To this end, we optimise the sustainability performance of buildings. For PORR, sustainable construction is founded on several basic principles: Maximum possible climate neutrality Maximum possible resource efficiency Renewable and fluctuating energies Biodiversity and urban heat island Consideration of demographic developments Responsible sourcing On the basis of our longstanding experience in the active development of building certification systems (e.g. certification according to DGNB, ÖGNI, SGNI, LEED and BREEAM), we identify trends in resource-efficient planning and building construction and derive action fields based on our specialist competencies. We incorporate global sustainability concepts in our planning, such as Agenda 2030 and the Green Building Initiative. Sustainable buildings: our shared responsibility At PORR Design & Engineering, we focus on the sustainability of construction projects from the very beginning of the planning process. We optimise construction measures according to the principles of ecological building, review concepts and offer alternative approaches. In addition, we perform the relevant building physics calculations and process submissions to the required certifying bodies. Carbon management and life cycle assessment are also a part of every sustainable construction process. The sustainability department combines the following services: Pre-assessments Audit performance and optimisation Creation and review of concepts, studies and alternatives Support during planning and construction (sustainability management) Building physics calculations and simulations Certifications and submissions to relevant certifying bodies Analysis and optimisation of life-cycle costs Climate adaptation strategies Carbon management Energy efficiency enhancement and use of renewable energies Ecological construction management Life cycle assessment of buildings and products Sustainable construction processes Enhanced commissioning Support and optimisation for Design for Climate Change strategies Support and optimisation for Enhanced Resilience strategies Support and optimisation for Responsible Sourcing strategies Enhanced energy efficiency and reporting within the framework of the Austrian Energy Efficiency Act and the German Energy Services Act CSR management according to GRI, DNK, GRASP and UN Global Compact Building certification: the seal of approval for sustainable structures. Building certification systems provide approved methods and procedures to minimise emissions and resource consumption without impacting on building comfort. Our team can look back on over ten years of experience in building certification. All services are performed by qualified and experienced company staff to maximise benefits while minimising added costs. We conduct planning in line with approved building guidelines and play a proactive role in improving leading building certification systems as BREEAM, LEED or the core system of ÖGNI (Austrian Society for a Sustainable Property Sector).", "Link": "https://porr-group.com/en/services/design-engineering/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Porsche Engineering Services, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "For Porsche, acting in a sustainable way means assuming responsibility towards people, the environment and society. It is therefore important that we play an active role in current as well as company-relevant discussions in relation to politics and society. In doing so, Porsche can ensure that all company activities comply with the respective laws, internal rules, values and agreements.At the Stuttgart and Leipzig locations as well as internationally, Porsche provides financial and material support to non-profit organisations and institutions and is committed to education cooperation. Porsche also supports cultural and sporting activities through the awarding of donations and sponsorship in a transparent process. Porsche has been the main sponsor of the Gewandhaus Orchestra in Leipzig since 2011. Porsche has been involved in a premium partnership with the internationally renowned Stuttgart Ballet Company since 2012. Porsche is also involved in sports sponsorship and is the title sponsor of the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix and supports Team Germany as well as Talent Team Germany.Protection of the environment and resource conservation are also major priorities for Porsche. Porsche has had clear environmental guidelines in place since 1995 and the department responsible for environmental management has set up environmental and energy management systems at almost all locations. Maintaining Quality and Precision Along With Sustainable Practices Porsche believes that sustainable practices and materials are integral to corporate social responsibility. However, the company also maintains strict standards for commercial viability and quality craftsmanship. It marries the two values by finding ways to achieve their commercial and engineering goals while still protecting the environment and using the most responsible materials possible. For instance, Porsche approaches corporate social responsibility by implementing lightweight materials in their vehicle designs. When materials weigh less, the vehicle requires less power to propel it up a mountain or down the highway. By downsizing vehicles and finding new materials for manufacturing, the company hopes to reduce their products’ impact on the environment as much as possible. Supporting Communities and the People Within Them In addition to product-related responsibility, Porsche also takes seriously its commitment to the communities it serves. Whether the causes are domestic or international, the company has supported several programs and initiatives that make lives better and provide renewed opportunities for children and adults alike. For instance, Porsche has supported both leisure and professional sports, from the Porsche Tennis Grand Prix in Stuttgart, Germany to the Basketball Academy (BBA) in Ludwigsburg, Germany. Porsche also commits itself to social involvement, helping kids develop their skills in technology and engineering. Porsche’s sponsorship range from ballet troupes to world-famous orchestras. Each sponsorship allows professionals in the arts, sports, and other sectors to spread their gifts to the rest of the world and to continue to practice what they do best. Issuing Annual Sustainability Reports It’s not necessarily enough to claim one’s commitment to sustainable efforts in engineering and manufacturing. Porsche seems to recognize this and has created an annual sustainability report that describes its efforts in terms of environmental protection and publishes the results of those efforts. Porsche models its sustainability report after the standards issued by the Global Reporting Initiative, or GRI. The GRI gives Porsche’s report an A+ rating, which should build consumer confidence as well as set incredible standards for other automakers around the globe. Each report covers numerous facets of the business, from customers and the community to employees and product responsibility. Devoting Time to Sustainability From the Top Down Porsche doesn’t relegate the issue of sustainability to the factory floor or to the marketing department. Its C-suite executives are charged with ensuring that every arm of the company maintains corporate standards and keeps its departments accountable. Additionally, the C-suite and managers routinely initiate dialogues with stakeholders to ensure that everyone remains on the same page. In fact, Porsche creates a stakeholder survey that it includes in its sustainability report. The company wants to know how much its stakeholders value sustainability and what stakeholders want the company to do to reach its environmental-related goals. Contributing Cash to Research and Development Some of the best companies in the world have robust research and development departments that continuously search for new solutions to old problems, often with sustainability and environmental consciousness at the core of those initiatives. Porsche is no exception. The first category on its sustainability report—business and customers—outlines the company’s expectations for research and development. Essentially, the company wants to protect its place in the hierarchy of technology leadership and to maintain trust among its customers. Therefore, it authorizes high expenditures in the research and development arena. This leads to increased results for every initiative under its belt. Increasing Energy Efficiency Across the Board One of Porsche’s most important values is its devotion to energy efficiency. Porsche aspires to increase the efficiency of each car model by at least 20 percent. Essentially, this means that the end of each product’s life cycle inspires a new product that requires less energy to accomplish the same goal. Porsche also attempts to reduce energy usage in its factories and other properties. If it uses less energy to conceive and create vehicles, those cars are part of a sustainable business model that will protect the environment. While some companies might shirk these values, Porsche puts its energy into preserving corporate social responsibility at every turn. This allows customers to feel more comfortable when they buy Porsche products, whether they’re shopping for a sporty coupe or a breezy convertible.", "Link": "https://www.porsche.com/taiwan/en/aboutporsche/responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Portal Jungle, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Portola, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "POS Digital s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "POSPIECH SD, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "POWER BA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PPF a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "PPF Group has numerous corporate social responsibility projects in the countries where it operates, focusing its support on three areas in particular: education, arts and science Everywhere that PPF Group operates and invests it is aware of its broader social responsibility, which is why the Group and its shareholders support various non-profit and charitable projects in every country where they do business. As a Group we focus primarily on two areas: supporting art and education – two fields that endeavor to raise the human spirit. PPF Group’s decision to support education is related to the overall emphasis it places on human capital. We feel it is our responsibility to help those who, from no fault of their own, endure difficult life situations (in particular children in children’s homes and in socially challenged environments) yet have the will, élan, and also ability to change their destiny. The Kellner Family Foundation, a family foundation of Mrs. Renáta Kellnerová and Mr. Petr Kellner, contributes to social development and helps to improve quality of life. Its major long-term educational projects are the Grammar School Open Gate, the Universities project and Helping Schools to Succeed. The foundation seeks out and supports academically gifted children and young people who are growing up in circumstances that hinder or prevent them from accessing high-quality education. These are mainly children raised away from their families, for example, in children’s homes, foster care families or SOS children’s villages, as well as children from socially disadvantaged families such as single-parent and low-income families.", "Link": "https://www.ppf.eu/en/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "PRECIOSA, a.s.", "Number of employees": 9999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility With its social responsibility, Preciosa fulfills the European social model in all identified areas and integrates it within and around its surroundings. We are a company that promotes and integrates responsible business practices including transparent action, consumer protection, trademark and industrial and intellectual property rights, competitiveness policy. We are a company that has adopted, supports and integrates environmental protection rules, corporate social responsibility for public health and public assistance to individuals, groups, the region. We are a company that develops, fills and integrates a responsible employer model, promoting technological development, innovation, vocational training, regional development, all with respect to codes of conduct approved under the auspices of international organizations.", "Link": "https://www.preciosa.com/cs/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "PRECIZ, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility We base ourselves on considerate behavior towards the environment and society. That is why we support a range of activities that help in these areas of social life.", "Link": "https://www.preciz.org/about/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "PREFA Troubelice a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Premier Logistics spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "One of our core focus is the impact of our business on the market in general and the environment, community, our people in particular. The framework of our Corporate Social Responsibility aims at aligning our business values, strategy, operational activities, and practices best suited to the social and economic needs of all stakeholders. To provide all employees with a set of guidelines for our Corporate Social Responsibility and Sustainability initiatives. This ensures that we will not only provide tangible benefits to all stakeholders but will also enhance our overall corporate profile and public image.", "Link": "http://www.premierlogistics.ae/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "Premiot Group, a.s.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PressMedia, spol. s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Prevalis, z. s.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PricewaterhouseCoopers Česká republika, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "\"At no time has the need for alignment of economic growth, social progress and environmental sustainability been more important - and at no time have we been better positioned to tackle the challenge ahead. Governments and business need to adopt and adapt to the new measures of prosperity provided by the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).” Bob Moritz Global Chairman, PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited For a very long time, economies delivered effectively for societies - with people living healthier, longer and more prosperous lives. But over recent decades, there has been a steady separation of economic growth and societal progress, leaving many people behind. Business needs to be part of the solution. We're making change that starts with us while helping to evolve economies to once again deliver for society. Climate change and resource scarcity are major forces shaping our future Without real and lasting global action, average temperatures are predicted to increase by more than two degrees Celsius, a threshold at which scientists believe potentially irreversible environmental changes will occur. While progress has been made, the reality is that current rates of decarbonisation are less than half what is needed to achieve two degrees. Healthy ecosystems are critical to healthy economies. Yet the world’s current economic model is pushing beyond the limits of the planet’s ability to cope. Responsible business Our purpose, to build trust in society and solve important problems, combined with our values, provide the highest level guide for our behaviours and actions. Equally important is our infrastructure for sound governance, independence, ethics and compliance.", "Link": "https://www.pwc.com/gx/en/about/corporate-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "PRO Gaudia, z. ú.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PRO MASK PRODUCTS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PRO-DOMA, SE", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Pro-Temp spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PRO.MED.CS Praha a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Procter & Gamble Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Reducing our footprint one step at a time As we approach 2020, we have made significant progress against the goals we set in 2010 around climate, water and waste. As we are well on our way to achieving these goals and closing out 2020, we are raising the bar with even bolder commitments called Ambition 2030. P&G sustainability goals for 2030 In 2018, we released new sustainability goals called Ambition 2030. These broad-reaching goals have one purpose in mind: to enable and inspire positive impact on our environment and society while creating value for us as a company and you as a consumer. In an effort to address two of the world’s most pressing environmental challenges—finite resources and growing consumption—we’ve focused our ambitious goals in these specific areas. Ambition 2030: Brands making a positive impact In a world where sustainable lifestyles have become more important than ever, we need brands to meet performance expectations while also helping to solve some of the most complex challenges facing our world. That’s why we’re working to make social and environmental responsibility an integral component of every brand in our portfolio. Here’s how. Mother daughter in front of the washing machine Goal: 100% of leadership brands will enable and inspire responsible consumption Goal: Reduce our use of virgin petroleum plastic in packaging by 50% The 3 R's - Reduce, Reuse, Recycle - all play a role in our packaging strategy. Reducing the amount of virgin plastic by half by 2030 is an ambitious goal we plan to achieve via light weighting, increasing recycled content (PCR), driving conversion to more concentrated product forms, and when it makes sense, using alternative materials. We estimate this will avoid the use of over 300,000 tons of virgin plastic. We are also committed to achieve 100% recyclable or reusable packaging by 2030. Making our packages with a next life in mind, continuously innovating with recycled plastic (PCR), and innovating with refillable and reusable packages will help to reduce our environmental footprint. But the unique challenge lies in the remaining fraction of our packaging, because they use materials and formats in much smaller amounts Goal: Build even greater trust through transparency We know consumers want to know as much as they can about our products & the ingredients that go in them. That’s why we’re continuing to provide transparency around our ingredient innovation and safety science.", "Link": "https://us.pg.com/environmental-sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "ProfesKontakt, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Profigrass s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Profinit EU, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We believe that companies should act responsibly in terms of environmental protection and resource usage. Areas where Profinit has already implemented environmental policy are waste management and sustainable consumption, the reduction of paper usage in regular business, and the reduction of our carbon footprint (by reducing travel, using an office building that is ecological). Waste Management Every day, waste is sorted by material—paper, glass, plastics, and household waste—by employees who place it in separate bins. As far as electronic waste, Profinit has had a contract with REMA Systém, a.s. since August 23, 2016 to participate in the project “ZELENÁ FIRMA”, which can be translated as “GREEN FIRM”. As part of the contract, REMA keeps a box at Profinit for the collection of electronic waste and regularly collects waste such as batteries and light components. Larger devices are collected upon request. Paperless Office Profinit has established paperless internal processes wherever possible and permitted by law, particularly in (but not limited to) the areas of: Requests/approvals for internal IT services (Internal Bugzilla) CRM processes (Profis) Time sheets, vacation requests and approvals (Profis) Electronic pay slips (distributed by e-mail) Business travel planning Profinit’s Intranet uses the Confluence system and contains a complete library of documents, internal rules guidelines, etc. All project, marketing, and sales documentation is stored in the central electronic document repository. Paperless External Communication Profinit uses electronic means of documentation and communication with customers and other subjects where agreed upon and permitted by law. An example is the use of external Bugzilla for recording requests, bugs, and issue tracking. Drinking Water Profinit has replaced all water coolers using bottled water with water dispensers that use tap water, thus reducing the impact of transportation and packaging. Business Travel To reduce business travel, Profinit routinely uses video or audio conferencing. We use GoToMeeting, Skype, and WebEx technologies. Company Cars When replacing our “shareable” company cars two years from now, Profinit plans to choose cars with minimal or zero emissions (hybrid or electric) from those that are available on the Czech market at the time. Office Environment Our new office space is at the International Business Centre (IBC) Praha 8, Pobrežni 620/3. The IBC building housing the new Profinit office, planned for up to 70 people, has received a BREEAM In-Use certificate for part 1, asset performance, after being assessed in regards to health & wellbeing, energy, transport, water, materials, waste, land use & ecology, and pollution, with an overall rating of “very good” at 58.4%.", "Link": "https://profinit.eu/en/environmental-approach/"}
{"Company Name": "Prochazka & Partners s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PROJEKT INTEGRACE, o.p.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PROMEDICA PRAHA GROUP, a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Strengthening Our Communities ProMedica Innovations believes that the health of individuals, families, and the community is best established and maintained outside of our walls. That’s why our Economic Development team works in cooperation with companies and local government authorities to generate sustainable development, economic activity, and good jobs in the communities we serve. Through a variety of initiatives, ProMedica Innovations seeks to strengthen existing companies and institutions, foster the development of innovative new businesses, and create the stable economic foundation needed for Northwest Ohio and Southern Michigan communities and families to thrive.", "Link": "https://www.promedica.org/innovations/pages/economic-development/default.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "Promercatory", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PROMET GROUP, a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ProMinent Systems spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "By providing water analysis equipment, ProMinent Brazil is supporting kayaking expeditions on rivers and reservoirs, all part of the “Waters of Tomorrow” project he started in 2014. The aim is to use the samples taken to provide the Brazilian government with information about water quality and treatment. Dan Robson wants to show how important environmental education and proper waste disposal are for reducing water pollution and the resulting health issues for the population. Social engagement work to improve Brazil’s water quality Eco sportsman Dan Robson Dias from São Paulo wants to raise awareness of water quality in his native country, Brazil.", "Link": "https://www.prominent.com/en/Company/Company/Engagement/Engagement.html"}
{"Company Name": "Purple Technology s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "PURUS - MEDA, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "QUAENTAS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Quanta Human Resources CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Quanti s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Quehenberger Transport & Logistics CZE s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability and the Environment Quehenberger takes its role as a future-oriented logistics company very seriously. This not only includes highest quality and flexibility in the transport of goods but also our responsibility towards the environment. Logistics with responsibility Especially in the area of transport and logistics, companies increasingly face a number of challenges that have an impact on our coexistence. Emissions, the consumption of resources and environmentally friendly waste disposal – all these are topics that global players in the field of logistics should concern themselves with. As a responsible and forward-thinking company, it’s important to us to contribute to sustainable logistics. For instance, with transport and logistics processes that are organised according to environmental protection in compliance with our ISO 14001 standard. This international norm defines certain requirements enabling a company to accomplish its environmental goals, fulfil its legal requirements and improve its environmental performance in general. We create an annual Sustainability Report on our environmental performance and activities. Additionally, we pursue a number of future-oriented goals and concepts that put topics such as sustainability and environmental awareness in the foreground", "Link": "https://www.quehenberger.com/en/Quehenberger/Sustainability-Environment"}
{"Company Name": "QUICKSOURCE spol. s r. o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "QUINTA-ANALYTICA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "R ALTRA spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "R.D.I. společnost s ručením omezeným", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "R&D Prague s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "R3SEARCH Partners s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "R4U s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 10, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Raben Transport", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "CSR Vision Being the trendsetter in our sector in giving the additional value through sustainable solutions.CSR strategic aims taking care of health and guaranteeing safety partnership, dialogue, education and sharing with stakeholders attracting and retaining the best staff compensating negative impact on the environment promoting the role and quality of transportation and logistics services", "Link": "https://www.raben-group.com/our-responsibility/csr-mission-vision/"}
{"Company Name": "Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty - Rádio Svobodná Evropa, Inc.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Raiffeisenbank a.s.", "Number of employees": 2999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY Helping those in need and building a community where people are helping each other at the same time were at the birth of the Raiffeisen banking group in the 19th century. Throughout Europe, the Raiffeisen Group now helps tens of thousands of people - in different age and social groups - in the areas of charity, education, science and culture. At Raiffeisenbank ČR, we set out to help primarily disadvantaged children and at the same time contribute to the development of the Czech Republic as a country where education and responsibility are important values. Responsible bank At Raiffeisenbank, the approach to responsible entrepreneurship and sustainability builds on the historical roots built by one of the first responsible bankers, Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen. The Bank monitors the impact of its activities, particularly in the economic, social and environmental fields.", "Link": "https://www.rb.cz/o-nas/spolecenska-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "Randstad s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "The same empathy, intuition and instinct we use to propel the success of our candidates and clients every day also drives us to move society forward. Whether through the actions of one, or the unified support of many, we are driven to make a positive impact by sharing our time, energy, expertise and passion with those who need it most. Not because it’s the easy thing to do. But because it’s the human thing to do. In 2018, we launched Randstad With Heart, a global online community that helps our employees connect to causes that they care about. To further support this mission, Randstad US employees can take one paid volunteer day each year to support one of Randstad’s partner organizations or another cause for which they have a personal passion. Employees can also make charitable contributions directly to partner organizations through paycheck deductions. Voluntary Service Overseas (VSO) has been a worldwide partner of Randstad since 2004. As VSO volunteers, Randstad employees work shoulder to shoulder with local citizens in developing countries to help combat poverty and reduce inequality. hire hope Created by Randstad US, the Hire Hope program provides career-readiness training and job-placement services to underserved and at-risk women. Executed along with community partners, the program empowers women with skills to help them live independently and enhances their professional competences. Hire Hope has earned recognition from organizations like the Alliance for Freedom, Restoration and Justice and the American Staffing Association.", "Link": "https://www.randstadusa.com/about/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "RATOLEST BRNO", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RE/MAX Pro", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Real Estate", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The program of corporate social responsibility for child protection . RE/MAX values the company's human aspect and directly and internally applies this corporate policy. Since 1992, RE/MAX International has been contributing to improving the living conditions of children with specific programmes. Thus far, more than USD 30 million have been donated and more than 17 million children helped annually in the US: Children's Miracle Network Racing for life Sanctuary Golf Course Children's Miracle Network is an international nonprofit organisation founded in 1983 and devoted to helping hospitalised children cover their medical expenses. The organisation helps 17 million children annually throughout the US. At RE/MAX Spain, we understand that CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY must have a number of features: Drawing the company, through its corporate culture, nearer to the values that are associated with the cause. Stable connection and commitment to the project at management level. Involvement of the programme in the organisation's overall image strategy. Application of business management to the conduct of activity. Communication, communication, communication. Given these features, the many commonalities and the renown prestige and drive of Children's Villages, it was chosen as a partner to carry out the first project of the RE/MAX FOR KIDS programme. SOS Children's Villages is an international, private, child-protection, nonprofit, interdenominational and politically independent organisation founded in 1949 in Imst (Austria) and present in 133 countries. Its work focuses on the development of a child until he or she becomes self-sufficient and well integrated in society. They work mainly to strengthen at-risk families so that they can properly care for their children, to protect children who have been deprived of parental care and who are provided a protective family environment in which to grow up feeling loved and respected and to accompany young people as they mature and grow independent. Undoubtedly, it is commendable work to which RE/MAX Spain provides its full support.", "Link": "https://www.remax.es/sobre-remax/remax-for-kids.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "reca spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility As Reca is growing steadily and continues to expand, we strive to improve the communities around our projects, by bringing a high caliber of construction to the area. We carefully select our projects to ensure that the surrounding areas benefit from each project not only financially but also socially. Reca also hires employees before they have graduated to help them gain the experience that they need. Experience within the construction company is invaluable. We employ professionals from all over the region, finding the perfect candidates for each role within each project, regardless of experience. Our employment strategy has offered many people incredible opportunities and has allowed us to recruit a solid and professional workforce who help in developing some of the best properties in the great lakes region. Reca also hires employees before they have graduated to help them gain the experience that they need. Experience within the construction company is invaluable.", "Link": "http://www.reca.co.ug/csr/"}
{"Company Name": "Reckitt Benckiser (Czech Republic), spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Delivering on our strategic ambitions We exist to protect, heal and nurture in the relentless pursuit of a cleaner, healthier world. This means operating in a responsible and sustainable way while innovating products that improve lives while reducing environmental impacts. Reducing the impacts of our products and operations The planet is facing unprecedented challenges and time is running out to avoid catastrophic consequences. We must all play our part in helping to prevent irrevocable environmental damage. RB is committed to reducing its environmental impacts – and those of its products – while working with partners across the value chain to help lower their environmental footprints. response to the Australia’s devastating droughts, our Finish team in Australia initiated the #FinishWaterWaste campaign. Kicking-off in September 2019 in partnership with Rural Aid, it encouraged consumers to pledge to stop pre-rinsing their dishwasher loads, saving 40L of water per dishwasher load. This is matched by Finish donating 40L of water to rural communities in need. The campaign has got people talking about saving water and raised their awareness of this critical issue. In the wake of the extensive bushfires and drought, the #FinishWaterWaste campaign will continue in 2020 in even bolder ways. Protecting, engaging and developing our people RB’s purpose unites us all: to protect, heal and nurture in the relentless pursuit of a cleaner and healthier world. Our employees have the freedom to succeed through our values – it’s our people who bring our unique culture to life. And as our people take us forward, we have a responsibility to ensure we build a fair and inclusive culture and an environment where our people's safety, health and wellbeing is the priority. We also want to achieve great things with our community, supporting all our different stakeholders and helping people to make everyday changes that can have a transformative impact.", "Link": "https://www.rb.com/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "RECRUIT CZ", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "REED SPECIALIST RECRUITMENT", "Number of employees": 4999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility – The REED Way Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) simply defined means: How does your business benefit society? Most people know REED as a recruiter and so know that we support the UK and global economy through improving employment rates and paying our taxes! We always make sure to adapt to change and to meet societal needs, such as expanding our own Apprenticeship programme with the introduction of the Apprenticeship Levy in 2017. However, we believe REED has many more great examples of how we give back to society. For example: 18% of the REED group of companies is owned by the Reed Foundation, which distributes funds to a range of charitable causes including educational ventures such as the Alec Reed Academy and Reed College of Enterprise Network Our founder Sir Alec Reed established multiple charities: the Reed Foundation (1988), Ethiopiaid (1989) and Womankind Worldwide (1989): all of which still operate 30 years on Reed in Partnership was established in 1998 to deliver Welfare-to-Work programmes and continues to do so today while also acting as a key partner in delivering the National Citizen Service (NCS) The Big Give was founded in October 2007 by Sir Alec Reed CBE. Since then it has helped raise over £98 million for charitable causes That’s just the foundations of the business. Our People Our people (we call them Co-Members) are the ones who make the changes to people’s lives. That may not always be as obvious as our Employment Advisors at Reed in Partnership helping disadvantaged people in to employment or REED Co-Members raising thousands of pounds to go support local communities in Ethiopia, but could be as simple and everyday as: A team of Permanents Consultants and Temporaries Consultants hitting targets and making profits REED can reinvest in charitable causes through the Reed Foundation Office Managers, Business Managers and other Co-Members working together to run regular fundraising days in the office – such as our Birmingham office who recently raised £720 for a local mental health charity Senior Managers supporting charities directly with their time and expertise – such as Strategic Growth’s Chris Adcock helping to coordinate an event which raised £8,000 for a children’s charity Check out #LifeAtREED to see what our Co-Members are doing today! Looking After the Family REED is a family business in more ways than one. Not only is it the largest family-owned recruitment business in the world and one of the longest-running British recruitment companies (read more about REED’s History here), but our Co-Members also liken working at REED to being part of something bigger – a family. In addition to our external work, REED rewards and looks after its Co-Members with benefits such as Well-being programmes, Moving House days, Professional Qualification funding, and even a Personal Development Fund which provides 50% funding (up to £500) for Co-Members to complete any personal development course they choose; from driving lessons to diving lessons!", "Link": "https://careers.reedglobal.com/corporate-social-responsibility-csr/"}
{"Company Name": "RegioJet a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "REHAU Automotive, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "For the third year in a row, REHAU publishes its sustainability report: An international publication that shows how the company handles its environmental, economic and social responsibility and outlines its goals for the coming years. The latest report on Corporate Social Responsibility is also published by REHAU on a voluntary basis. What is new is that information on environmental issues, working environments and economic growth can be easily retrieved with just a click. \"Online publication allows us to not only save natural resources, because printed copies are no longer required. We are also in touch with current trends,\" says Dr. Stefan Girschik, Deputy CEO, whose responsibilities include sustainability and digital transformation of the REHAU Group. Sustainability and digitization are inseparable challenges for companies of our time, says Girschik. Dr. Stefan Girschik: Deputy CEO REHAU Group: \"Sustainability and digitization are inseparable challenges for companies of our time.\" The contents of the CSR report clearly demonstrate that the polymer specialist resolutely faces up to these social and economic challenges: Based on the company values of trust, reliability and innovation, the user is navigated through the menu. This opens up a variety of ways into the REHAU world - through successful environmental balances, measures to implement the sustainability strategy as well as ambitious future strategies, such as the REHAU 2020 initiative. This is about the vision and the mission of the company and about strategic fields of action, which REHAU describes as \"smartify\", \"focus\", \"simplify\" and \"inspire\". The ultimate goal is to continue writing the company's own success story and to generate sustainable growth, inspired by new ideas and the opportunities of digital transformation. The preface states: \"As a forward-looking family company, we firmly believe in the fact that sustainable management will provide many advantages for us and our partners, also in the long run.\" And further: \"For this reason, our thoughts and actions are aligned with long-term goals instead of short-term profits.\" For the third time, REHAU uses its own sustainability report to express the importance of corporate responsibility in all aspects of economics, ecology and sociology, and credibly conveys its commitment to its own ambitious goals.", "Link": "https://www.rehau.com/sg-en/sustainability-report/2022524"}
{"Company Name": "RELIANTCO INVESTMENTS LTD, organizační složka", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Rembrandtin s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Environmental compatibility and sustainability have always played a central role in our company – especially in research and development. Rembrandtin focuses on environmentally compatible paint and coating systems with functions. Modern technologies, such as high solid coatings, are used. Around 35 % of employees work in research and development. The experienced professionals develop the special properties of the product solutions to meet the requirements of the customers and the steadily rising demands of the industry. In 2012 Rembrandtin was the first Austrian company to receive the European Responsible Care Award “for outstanding achievements for the environment, a healthy future, or responsibility towards other people”.", "Link": "https://www.rembrandtin.com/en/about-our-company/research-development-environment-quality/"}
{"Company Name": "RENAULT RETAIL GROUP CZ, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "To help build a more inclusive society and work for responsible, sustainable mobility for all... As we face corporate, social, and environmental challenges, Groupe Renault is shifting into high gear! We’re ramping up to promote high-performance, innovative solutions on a large scale in two major axis of activity: inclusion and sustainable mobility. What does that mean? Don’t panic, we’ll explain everything. Our ambition is to contribute to changing the economy and society in general, making them more positive, more inclusive, more sustainable and more responsible. This is the meaning of Mobilize: to encourage everybody to mobilize and work together for inclusion and sustainable mobility. INCLUSION To help build a society and a company where everyone can find their place and have the means to thrive. That’s our vision for inclusion, which rests on three commitments. SUSTAINABLE MOBILITY Sustainable mobility should mean that everyone can get around more safely and more ecologically. For this, Groupe Renault relies on two commitments. RESPECT FOR THE ENVIRONMENT Even though the world has become aware of the scope of our environmental challenges, action still urgently needs to be taken. That’s why Groupe Renault, in collaboration with stakeholders, implements a voluntary environmental strategy. Our goal is to be at the centre of the action. It’s a daily responsibility based on innovation, in order to prepare for a better future. Our approach is to anticipate and to manage environmental issues in a voluntarist manner as opportunities for new services and technological innovations. THREE ENVIRONMENTAL CHALLENGES… Fight against global warming: reduce greenhouse gases Preservation of natural resources: optimise their use and reuse Health, reduce polluting emissions", "Link": "https://group.renault.com/en/our-commitments/our-corporate-and-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "RenoFarma Troubky, a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RENOMIA, a. s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RESIDOMO Služby, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "in the area of ​​housing but also in activities that help to improve the life of the inhabitants of the Moravian-Silesian Region. We establish community centers for seniors About 90,000 people live in more than 43,000 flats of our company in the Moravian-Silesian Region. Many of them are older and we increasingly perceive a problem that is a phenomenon of our time and that is the loneliness of seniors. Many places where they met have disappeared, so they have no space for dignified and meaningful leisure. We found a space near our company's client center on 17. listopadu street in Ostrava-Poruba, which used to be used by a music school, and transformed it into a senior community center ARCHA. RESIDOMO had the premises reconstructed at its expense with the help of other Ostrava companies. Reconstruction lasted 5 months and costs amounted to 4 million crowns. Dozens of employees participated in the preparation of the project in their free time. After working hours, they were involved in cleaning, moving and preparing for opening. The day-to-day operation of the center is also covered by RESIDOMO. The Archa Community Center is open every weekday from 2pm to 5pm. In the center there is a large social and small lecture hall, two clubrooms, counseling room, kitchen and dressing rooms. Seniors can look forward to the program every weekday. Activities in the center are free of charge, for those paid the price is set to be acceptable for seniors. The Center also cooperates with some non-profit organizations such as the humanitarian organization ADRA or the Mobile Hospice Tree of Life, as well as with local associations such as the Ostrava Pensioners' Association, the Seniors Association and others. The center was opened on October 1, 2015 on Senior Day and currently the Club of Friends of KC Archa has more than 240 members. Our employees organize regular Christmas collections Every year, RESIDOMO employees organize a traditional Christmas collection, the proceeds of which are donated to organizations that help lonely, sick or disadvantaged people. In 2016 they collected and handed over 250 thousand crowns. Supported were the Humanitarian Organization ADRA and the Archa Community Center. In previous years, UNICEFF programs were supported, and the poorest pupils of one of the primary schools in Transcarpathia received support. Lunch was purchased for the money they collected. We support nature in Beskydy We have become the main partner of the Great Spring Cleaning of the Beskydy Mountains, which has been organized by the Clean Beskydy Association since 2015 and is the region's largest cleaning event. We help not only by involving our employees in the collection itself, but also by providing the eco-festival, which is the culmination of the whole event. We are glad that we can contribute to the cultivation of places where the inhabitants of the Moravian-Silesian Region go to rest and which are its pride. We support entrepreneurs Residomo's non-residential premises are home to many small business owners operating in the hospitality and food business. But where can I still find inspiration to thrive their business and attract new and new customers? Entrepreneurs could take a lot of useful advice from the workshop we prepared for them in cooperation with the Karviná coworking center Business Gate. The store design and marketing expert explained the principles of efficient display of goods and work with the layout of the shop. For a great response we are preparing other programs for about a hundred entrepreneurs from Ostrava, Karviná and Havířov. We think of our tenants' children - Suburban camps at a discount for tenants We know how difficult it is to find babysitting during the holidays, so we decided to support our mothers and fathers tenants and offer them a weekly program for their babies. In cooperation with the association Kroužky na Moravě we have prepared a suburban holiday camp. The organizers chose the theme of the Great Film Robbery, with the greatest success being the excursion behind the scenes of Ostrava's Czech Television studio. Tenants interested in the camp paid only 50 percent of the price, the other half paid them Residomo.", "Link": "https://www.residomo.cz/cz/spolecenska-odpovednost"}
{"Company Name": "RETIA, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "REUS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "REVMATOLOGICKÝ ÚSTAV", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "REX FACTUM s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Rhenus Logistics s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Rhenus insists on Sustainability Protecting the environment is not just a Rhenus marketing strategy – rather it is the result of the logistics services provider’s enterprising way of doing business. Rhenus insists on using efficient processes, the shortest routes and handling resources carefully in all its business areas. This enables Rhenus to lower costs, satisfy its customers’ requirements and play its part in protecting the environment, all at the same time. Almost every type of transportation or logistics activity without exception requires energy – whether it is a truck route, forklift truck operations or a crane working at a port – and therefore causes emissions. So Rhenus is continually working to find better solutions: avoiding empty runs, fully exploiting existing facilities, linking modes of transportation in an intelligent manner and using environmentally-friendly means of transportation. You can discover more here about how Rhenus is playing its part in protecting the environment, about the sustainable logistics concepts that we have already introduced and how Rhenus is supporting its customers in keeping their products’ carbon footprint as small as possible. RHENUS SE & CO KG (GROUP) is in the top 7% of companies assessed by EcoVadis in their sector. For the fourth time already, the Rhenus Group has performed an assessment of the rating platform EcoVadis and successfully performed. Already in 2015, the Rhenus Group immediately achieved silver status with its involvement in the four assessment areas Environment, Labor and Human Rights, Ethics and Sustainable Procurement. Due to the introduction of further measures, the silver status has been steadily expanded towards gold. With a score of 59, the Rhenus Group ranks among the top 30 performers of any EcoVadis rated supplier. Particularly noteworthy was the performance in the category \"Other transport services\", to which the Rhenus Group belongs. In the respective categories, the Rhenus Group is always in the first third: Environment (Top 4%), Labor and Human Rights (Top 19%) and Sustainable Procurement (Top 18%). The evaluation by EcoVadis is becoming increasingly important. EcoVadis' Silver rating gives our customers and partners an official endorsement of our sustainability and social responsibility performance. CEO Michael Brockhaus: \"The good result of the Rhenus Group confirms our successful endeavor to live up to all aspects of life in our service. This EcoVadis rating is only possible if all branches follow the Rhenus Guidelines, which are characterized by trust, fairness and transparency.\" EcoVadis is an independent agency for Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) evaluation. The CSR valuation technology considers 190 purchasing categories, 150 countries and 21 CSR indicators. The methodology is based on international CSR standards, including the Global Reporting Initiative, United Nations Global Compact and ISO 26000. Approximately 50,000 suppliers are now being evaluated.", "Link": "https://www.rhenus.com/en/de/company/about-ourselves/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Ricardo Prague s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility Being a business is not just about making money, we also invest back into the community. We donate books and equipment to local schools. Our engineers give talks to pupils about work and technology We are part of \"Kasiopea\", a programming competition for high school students. We raise money for the Sue Ryder oundation by holding bazaars and taking their annual football competition. We donate to \"Kangaroo\", a local charity that helps children. Diversity and Inclusiveness Ricardo values its reputation as a diverse and inclusive employer. We actively encourage all children from an early age to take an interest in STEM subjects (Science, Technology, Engineering and Maths). We are one of the host companies in the Czech Republic for \"Girls' Day\", where we strive to increase female participation in technical professions. Most importantly, we do not tolerate discrimination in any form, and treat all our colleagues with the same level of respect.", "Link": "https://ricardo.jobs.cz/about-us/"}
{"Company Name": "Ridera Stavební a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Rieter CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SOCIAL, ENVIRONMENTAL AND ECONOMIC KEY DATA Rieter is committed to social, environmental and economic sustainability, which is defined in the following directives: Code of Conduct Corporate Governance Mission, Vision, Values and Principles Safety, Health and Environmental Mission Statement Supplier and Purchasing Conditions Sustainability is an integral part of the Rieter strategy. The Rieter sustainability strategy is based on the following pillars: Social Sustainability Environmental Sustainability Economic Sustainability Once a year, the company publishes Social, Environmental and Economic Key Data that contains all important factors for the entire value creation process. SUSTAINABLE SPINNING PROCESSES THANKS TO RIETER TECHNOLOGIES Rieter has set itself the goal of providing its customers with products and system solutions that enable them to produce in a more environmentally friendly manner, whether this be by reduced use of raw materials or lower energy consumption. Efficient use of raw material Sustainable and efficient energy use Digital intelligence to reduce inefficiencies Environmental impact reduced across the entire production process of a spinning mill Energy savings by upgrading Rieter machines to efficiency class IE3/IE4 Waste recycling by rotor spinning machine R 36", "Link": "https://www.rieter.com/company/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Right Source s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Rina Europe s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility Our commitment to sustainable development RINA Corporate Social Responsibility Policy, issued in April 2016, shows our commitment to sustainable development and it is represented by the following logo. Our CSR policy is built around four pillars, symbolized by 4 different colours: RINA Corporate Social Responsibility Governance (blue): it regards organizational, financial and compliance issues. It means integrating sustainability in our global business activities, fighting against any form of fraud and corruption and increasing returns for investors and shareholders. Our main stakeholders are the financial community, competitors and authorities. People (yellow): it regards labour conditions and human rights. It means meeting health and safety regulations, banning any discrimination in respect of employment and occupation and considering diversity as an opportunity and meritocracy as a must. Our main stakeholders are group personnel and suppliers. Innovation (red): it regards research and the delivery of innovative solutions. It means promoting research and development in the sustainability field, delivering innovative solutions to our stakeholders and offering services that support customers’ efforts towards environmental protection and sustainability. Our main stakeholders are clients and networks. Planet (green): it regards externalities of our business towards environment and local community. It means reducing CO2 emissions, increasing energy efficiency and sharing social values with our stakeholders, represented mainly by the community and the environment We conduct our activities taking into consideration the interests and expectations of the stakeholders, proactively promoting dialogue and focusing on the principles of correctness and transparency. Global Compact We joined UN Global Compact initiative in May 2016, the world’s largest corporate sustainability initiative that aims to align strategies and operations with universal principles on human rights, labour, environment and anticorruption, and take actions that advance societal goals. We advocate the UN Global Compact and the Ten Principles through endorsement within our CSR Policy and Human Rights Policy, Company website, dissemination to management and employees by internal communication channels and training sessions, involvement of supply chain and partnership with no profit organization. Moreover, we have adopted an Enterprise Risk Management and periodically verify the effective implementation of policies and procedures and the achievement of set targets, we contribute to the development and implementation of international norms and standards and we deliver services that support or assure companies’ effort to operate responsibly. SDG Goals Every day, we strive to implement initiatives in line with the latest United Nations Sustainable Development Goals and we are committed to share this information with our stakeholders by means of our primary channels of communication.", "Link": "https://www.rina.org/en/about-us/csr"}
{"Company Name": "RITCHY EU s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RIXO s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RM GASTRO, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ROBE lighting s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RoBiN OIL s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Rockwell Automation s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "At Rockwell Automation, we are expanding human possibility for a better world. We are putting automation to work to make our customers smarter, safer, and more sustainable. Our Corporate Responsibility Report highlights these efforts. \"Sustainability and social responsibility have always been important attributes of Rockwell Automation. Our sole focus as a business is to help industrial companies and their people be more productive, to make the most of scarce resources. We’re committed to doing things the right way, every day, for the long term with integrity and respect for each other and the environment.\" — Blake Moret, Chairman and CEO Sustainable Leading indices and organizations continued to recognize us as a sustainability leader that includes: Named to Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index for the eighth time Listed on FTSE4Good Index of Companies for more than a decade The Wall Street Journal's 2018 Top Management 250 list Environmental Performance Achieved our goal to reduce our carbon emissions normalized to sales by 30% over 2008 baseline a few years early Deferred 82% of solid waste from landfills Number of locations certified to ISO 14001, environmental management system standard: 24 Engaged employees deliver better outcomes for our company and for our customers. Through our employee engagement we: One of only three companies to win the Catalyst Award Earned a perfect score of 100% on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index for the sixth consecutive year Ranked as one of the Top 100 most Attractive Employers in China Safety As the leading provider of industrial safety automation in the world, we help manufacturers achieve safe, sustainable, and productive operations. Our recognition for safety includes: Global safety performance, as measured by Recordable Case Rate of 0.43, remained best-in-class in 2018 when compared to the average private industry rate and average rate for electronic manufacturing peers Number of locations certified OHSAS 18001, occupational health and safety standard: 15 Winner: Singapore Ministry of Manpower’s Workplace Safety and Health Council’s Excellence Award Integrity Our culture of integrity is built on the small decisions that our employees make every day. Those choices to do the right thing are why we: Are continuously named as one of the \"World's Most Ethical Companies\" by Ethisphere Institute for the eleventh year Consider our Integrity Value as a key differentiator in how we do business Attribute our commitment to ethics as one of the reasons we have been a respected business leader for over a century Supplier Diversity $272 million+ spent with approximately 600 U.S. businesses owned by women, ethnic and racial minorities, LGBTQ, veterans or service disabled veterans, and designated Small Business Administration enterprises.", "Link": "https://www.rockwellautomation.com/en_NA/about-us/overview.page?pagetitle=Corporate-Responsibility-Report&docid=b6a362cfd3ef6dc0a45cacd3fa8c2908"}
{"Company Name": "Rödl & Partner", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "This Rödl & Partner report for the calendar year 2018 is a follow-up to our first CSR Sustainability Report (calendar year 2017). Whereas the 2017 report was still based on the UN Global Compact Standards, this report has been prepared according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) guidelines. This is another step forward in our reporting as the GRI guidelines have been recognised as the concretisation of the ten principles of the UN Global Compact Standards already since 2013. The GRI guidelines should help the participating enterprises meet their commitments and enable an international comparison of the reports compiled in this process. This is particularly important for achieving our goal, which is to adjust our CSR reporting to Rödl & Partner’s international structure in the long term. In this respect, the United Nations’ 17 Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) are for us as an international firm the model and primary guidance on implementing the guidelines. Any efforts that we make in the area of sustainability are underpinned by these goals in manifold ways and should be guided and reinforced by them. Further reports will be prepared every two years. Thus, the next report will be issued in 2021 and will cover calendar years 2019 and 2020. For ecological reasons, the report is available in a digital format only. Our corporate culture assumes a working environment free from any form of discrimination. We have partly chosen the masculine gender as regards gender-specific designations for convenience purposes only.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "rohlik.cz", "Number of employees": 10, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ROCHE s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Our approach For over 120 years Roche has been committed to improving lives. The long-term thinking of our founders has allowed us to stay true to this vision. Our greatest contribution to society is lasting innovation. When acting sustainably, we also aim to provide a rewarding workplace, be a trustworthy partner and engage in the communities we work in and with. Our approach and governance Sustainability is integrated into Roche’s corporate vision, values, operating standards and guidelines. This approach means no single department is responsible for managing sustainability. Instead, all employees are encouraged to integrate sustainable practices into their work. The Corporate Sustainability Committee (CSC) is responsible for developing the Group’s sustainability strategy and guidelines, and reports on related activities and progress. It is also responsible for assessing social, environmental and ethical (SEE) risks which are incorporated into the Group Risk Report. The committee’s mission, structure, procedures and relationships to other parts of the organisation are described in the Corporate Sustainability Committee Charter. The CSC submits regular reports on its activities to the Corporate Executive Committee and the Board of Directors’ Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee. The Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committee assists the Board of Directors in matters relating to corporate governance, compliance and in promoting sustainable management of the Company’s activities. The CSC is a network of representatives from across the organisation contributing cross-divisional, cross-functional expertise in the following groups: Core Team: representatives from each Corporate Function as well as senior managers delegated by the Heads of the Business Divisions. Responsibilities include strategic review of key issues and challenges, analyse and endorse Roche’s sustainability policies, as well as ensure support for sustainability related activities within each member’s area. Working Group: specialists from areas relevant to Roche’s sustainability activities who provide advice and assistance for specific projects. Membership is by invitation from the CSC chairman, the CSC Core Team, or delegation from Group Management. The Working Group helps ensure a close link and increased awareness of sustainability issues through initiatives and effective communication. Among its other activities, the group is also responsible for identifying deficiencies in sustainability and proposing steps address these weaknesses. Expert Groups: ad-hoc groups appointed by the Core Team who explore topics of current or future importance to the Roche Group, Working Group or committee the Chairman of the Corporate Sustainability Committee. The committees also help to ensure that Roche runs its business in compliance with all applicable national and international laws. It actively engages with key groups to ensure that the views and expectations of all stakeholders are incorporated in our approach to managing sustainability. Our Culture Business integrity As one of the world’s largest healthcare companies, Roche takes its obligation to meet the highest standards of business ethics and integrity very seriously. Meeting those standards is the responsibility of every employee. Our standards of business integrity are set forth in our Code of Conduct, which include the Corporate Principles. To further promote and support a shared understanding, Roche has implemented a number of policies, directives, position statements and guidelines that apply across the Group. Employees at all Roche sites have access to all external and internal documents either electronically (e.g. on the Roche intranet) or as hard copies. Detailed guidance has been issued for example: The Behaviour in Business Directive on Integrity seeks to prevent the infringement of business integrity by addressing topics such as bribery, improper advantages, facilitation payments, gifts, entertainment, dealing with business parties and conflicts of interest. The Behaviour in Competition – A Guide to Competition Law helps raise awareness of how antitrust and competition laws apply to business conduct and decision-making. The Roche Group Insider Directive - intends to ensure professional behaviour and reinforce Roche’s reputation as a trustworthy company and reliable partner. An insider declaration must be signed by employees who have access to sensitive data or who are authorised to undertake major financial transactions. We make every effort to inform and train all employees, and business critical contractors on the basic business standards, including providing interactive learning solutions. Responsible marketing The pharmaceutical industry is governed by strict regulations and guidelines for the sale and marketing of products. Our Code of Conduct addresses responsible marketing practices, setting out standards for adhering to regulatory compliance and for interacting and engaging with healthcare professionals. Roche’s interactions with healthcare professionals are aimed at exchanging scientific information intended to optimise the use of Roche’s products and services. All these interactions are based on standards of integrity and fair remuneration for services. We are committed to benchmarking our achievements against best practice; this includes transparent reporting. Our goal is to enable healthcare professionals to make decisions independently, based on all relevant data available, in order to deliver the greatest medical benefit to patients. To help us maintain good marketing practices, we expect all Roche employees to: comply with applicable laws, regulations, industry codes and Roche standards defend Roche’s products and interests against unfair competitive practices seek help and advice in case of doubt speak up in the event of compliance concerns We specially train staff who interact with healthcare professionals and healthcare organisations and maintain rigorous standards of risk management. In addition, Roche uses a Marketing and Sales Compliance questionnaire to help local line managers assess compliance and awareness of responsible marketing practices. Equally, all general managers must annually sign an “assurance declaration on compliance”, acknowledging compliance with these practices.", "Link": "https://www.roche.com/sustainability/approach.htm"}
{"Company Name": "Rompa CZ s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Most people would not immediately associate plastic with environmental benefits. To many, it is the symbol of pollution and wastefulness. Nevertheless, plastics make an important contribution to sustainability, which has everything to do with “lifecycle thinking.” PlasticsEurope, an association of plastic producers, explains how that works in a video. A change is occurring throughout Europe at the moment. We are transitioning from a linear to a circular economy. Products stay in the circle, which reduces pollution, climate change, and food wastage. Plastic can make a positive contribution to this. When we look at a product’s entire lifecycle, we see that plastics help preserve many valuable raw materials. Plastic in the automotive sector Take the use of plastics in the automotive sector, an area where Rompa Group has decades of experience. Plastic components make vehicles lighter. As a result, they require less fuel and are less pollutive. With the help of plastic packaging materials, products suffer less damage and our food products and medication are preserved for longer. Afbeelding: Life Cycle Thinking_ Reuse of plastic Another highly sustainable aspect: recycling. Plastic products can be recycled after use. We do not recycle used products at Rompa, although it is possible to reuse rejected products. How? We grind the plastic up into granules and mix this with the new granules as they enter the machine. The machine melts the granules down and injects the result into the mould. Our customers can choose what percentage of the shot weight they wish to reuse and we also advise them in this matter. Unfortunately, the quality of reused plastic material is somewhat inferior to that of new plastic. In some cases, we may, therefore, limit its use or be obligated by quality laws to forgo it entirely. Recycling of PET-plastics Via a new technology, developed by Ioniqa, which removes colours from PET-plastics using magnetic fluids, it will be possible to fully recycle PET-plastics. Another step in full lifecycle thinking. Would you like to know more about the sustainability of plastic products? At Rompa, we take the environment into account in a number of ways. Would you like to know how? Take a look at our sustainability measures or contact us. We would be happy to tell you more about our sustainable production methods.", "Link": "https://www.rompagroup.com/news/lifecycle-thinking-why-plastic-contributes-to-sustainability-.aspx"}
{"Company Name": "ROSSMANN,spol.s r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "ROSSMANN sustainability report The report \"Sustainable Business at ROSSMANN \" provides an overview of the company's various activities and nevertheless opens up a dialogue with our internal and external stakeholders. With our sustainability report, we are taking an important step to further develop and expand our ongoing commitment. We therefore not only show the status quo, but transparently where we see further potential. In this respect, this sustainability report will not remain static and unchanged, but will grow with it - with the development of the company and our employees, who are committed to the success of ROSSMANN every day. The ROSSMANN sustainability report is deliberately not included in printed form, but can be viewed digitally in the interests of sustainability", "Link": "https://www.rossmann.de/unternehmen/verantwortung/Nachhaltigkeitsbericht.html"}
{"Company Name": "ROTAREX PRAHA, spol s r. o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ROWAN", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RPM Service s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "A Culture of Sustainability Our Sustainability Statement At RPM, sustainability is more than just simply \"greening\" our products and operations. It’s about putting into play practices that will drive the continued existence and growth of our business, in turn benefiting our customers, employees, suppliers, communities and shareholders. RPM applies the principles of sustainability through its: Products. They help our customers minimize their environmental footprint. Processes. We proactively manage our operational impact on the environment. People. We hire the best and create an atmosphere that will keep them. Place. We help our communities flourish. Prosperity. We reward our shareholders by continually growing the business. DOWNLOAD Corporate Social Responsibility Brochure In its simplest terms, sustainability is all about creating and maximizing long-term social, economic and environmental value for the greater good of future generations. In many ways, it ties back to the operations, processes and products an organization has in place. At RPM, we look at sustainability through a broader lens by applying its principles to those most impacted by our company – from employees, customers and suppliers, to communities and shareholders. Over the years, RPM has come to focus on what we call the five \"Ps\" of sustainability: products, processes, people, place and prosperity. In keeping with RPM's entrepreneurial culture, execution of these five \"Ps\" is carried out by our operating companies. We believe that the foundation of sustainable business practices is most effective at the operating level, which is closest to the markets and customers our company serves. Products Many of RPM's products, services and processes drive sustainability by helping our customers minimize their environmental footprint. Energy efficiency, zero landfill, renewable resource use, greener chemistry, life cycle analysis, LEED support and emissions reductions are just some of the many customer expectations that RPM meets every day. Below are a few specific examples from among the hundreds offered by RPM’s operating companies: Dryvit’s Outsulation® high-performance exterior insulation and finish systems (EIFS) can be installed directly over an existing façade, which reduces landfill, delivers superior insulation to enhance energy efficiency, and results in significant time and cost savings. Tremco’s AlphaGuard® fluid-applied roofing system allows a building’s roof to be restored rather than replaced, which extends its life cycle, reduces energy consumption and eliminates landfill. In addition, Tremco offers vegetated, cool and photovoltaic roofing systems as eco-friendly, cost-effective options for sustainable facility construction and management. Legend Brands’s Roof-Tec® high-performance roof cleaning system extends a roof’s life cycle, cuts water consumption in half while capturing nearly all waste water, and maximizes energy efficiency by restoring the reflectivity of a roof. Rust-Oleum’s Krud Kutter® water-based, biodegradable, non-toxic cleaning solutions are made from green formulations that are safer than many traditional products on the market and contain little to no VOCs. Pipeline & Drainage Systems supplies curb, bridge and channel drainage products that are formulated from recycled plastics, eliminate landfill and reduce carbon footprint. Recyclable Packaging a Winner By transitioning its product packaging from aluminum pails to innovative cardboard boxes with plastic liners, Stonhard created an eco-friendly solution. The boxes cost less to produce and ship, require less storage space and can be easily broken down on the job site for recycling. This unique packaging prevents more than 4.8 million one-gallon pails and quart cans from being dumped into landfills annually. Processes When it comes to RPM's internal operations, the expectations for sustainability are simple: we lead by example. Our operating businesses do this by taking a proactive approach to managing their environmental impact. Among recent highlights are: Packaging material and waste reduction: Stonhard and Flowcrete have moved from rigid metal pails to flexible pouches and cardboard boxes that cost less to produce and ship, require less storage space and are easily recycled. Sustainable innovation: RPM businesses incorporate sustainability at the very forefront of their product innovation process, which includes the reduction and elimination of chemicals of concern, as well as the implementation of process operations that reduce waste generation and energy consumption. Energy-saving systems: On a corporate-wide scale, RPM has audited and improved the systems that use the most energy, such as those for compressed air use, heating and cooling, water and facility control. Lighting upgrades, for instance, have resulted in annual energy and maintenance savings. Another example is our Viapol plant, which switched from fossil fuels to biomass, thus reducing its greenhouse gas emissions by 85%. Water recycling: Many of RPM’s manufacturing facilities have implemented technologies that reduce water consumption by taking cooled water and running it through a chiller or heat exchanger to reuse in their processes. This results in significantly less water and energy use. In fact, one such project at the Rust-Oleum facility in Attleboro, Massachusetts, cut its water consumption by nearly 30 million gallons per year. People When considering employees from the perspective of sustainability, RPM founder Frank C. Sullivan was ahead of his time. His philosophy, when he established the company in 1947, was to \"Hire the best people you can find. Create an atmosphere that will keep them. Then, let them do their jobs.\" RPM continues to practice this philosophy today by providing its employees with: A highly competitive compensation and benefits package designed to reward and retain them; Tuition reimbursement and a variety of educational programs, such as RPM University, The Center for Creative Leadership and the U.S. Army War College, to develop the next generation of leadership; An entrepreneurial culture that values innovation, hard work, collaboration, a hunger for learning and work-life balance; A work environment grounded in ethical practices, fairness, integrity and respect; and Equal employment opportunities with zero tolerance for discrimination or harassment. Incorporating these sustainable practices enables RPM to continue to hire the best employees and retain them throughout the course of their careers. A History of Sustainability RPM has a long history of sustainability through its many products that renew, repair and protect materials and promote energy efficiency. Among those products are Rust-Oleum's small-project paints that give household items a new life, DAP's caulks and sealants that make houses and buildings more energy efficient, and Carboline's corrosion-control coatings that extend the life cycle of materials and protect them against harsh environments. Place RPM employs nearly 15,000 employees and operates 156 manufacturing facilities in 26 countries. No matter their spot on a map, our company and its subsidiaries strive to be good corporate stewards in everything we do by: Supporting charities, civic causes and economic development; Collectively providing our time, talent and resources; Promoting safe operating practices and being respectful of our neighbors; Working to minimize the environmental impact of our operations and products; and Complying with all laws and regulations. Through these actions, RPM makes a positive impact on the communities in which it operates and helps them to thrive. Prosperity Embracing sustainability by way of RPM's products, operations, people and communities is certainly rewarding on many levels. A positive byproduct of these efforts is that they extend to RPM's bottom line, thus allowing our shareholders to continue to prosper. RPM has increased its dividend for 46 consecutive years, enabled by its continually strong operating cash flow. This sustained dividend performance places RPM in an elite category – joining only 41 of all publicly traded U.S. companies that have consecutively paid an increasing annual dividend for this period of time or longer, according to the Mergent Handbook of Dividend Achievers. In addition, RPM's total return to shareholders, including both capital appreciation and reinvestment of dividends, has considerably outperformed the S&P 500 Index for the past ten years.", "Link": "https://www.rpminc.com/about-rpm/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "RWS Moravia", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Achieving a balance between the environment, society and the economy is considered essential to meet the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their needs. Whilst different stakeholders have different needs and expectations, it is important that everyone embraces the challenges to manage the company’s risks and opportunities. The Group’s activities are highly skilled and labour intensive and therefore highly reliant upon the skills, dedication and passion of all of our staff and contractors, who are expected to meet our clients’ demand for excellent quality and timely delivery. The values that we promote include the mutual respect of peers, commitment to outstanding quality of work, trust, integrity and honesty. RWS looks to employ individuals who reflect the diversity of the Group’s communities and reinforce our ethical values and behaviours. No discrimination is tolerated, and we endeavour to give all employees an excellent working environment, the latest technology, appropriate training and development support, social opportunities and competitive benefits package. RWS’s corporate responsibility policy encompasses the way we do business, our people, our clients, our community and the environment around us. Our commitment to corporate responsibility is underpinned by our core values of integrity, innovation, agility and cooperation and aims to deliver continual improvement in our economic, social and environmental performance. RWS is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of corporate responsibility in its business activities. Objectives aim for the highest standard of corporate behaviour conduct our business according to high ethical standards provide our clients with a high standard of service ensure the well being of our employees improve our environmental performance positively contribute to the communities in which we operate At RWS, we recognize that our operations impact upon the environment. We are committed to improving the environmental sustainability of our operations by reducing negative environmental impacts, preventing pollution, protecting the environment and enhancing positive impacts wherever reasonably practicable. We measure and monitor our significant environmental impacts, where we have the ability, and have set objectives and targets for their reduction. We have developed an Environmental Plan to reduce our carbon emissions and environmental performance is reviewed six-monthly and audited annually against our objectives and targets. We have started implementing ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management Standard at our head office in Chalfont St Peter. We commit to the continual improvement of our environmental management system to enhance environmental performance and protect the environment. We also have in place an action plan to manage hazardous waste and substances and have implemented a waste sorting system. In accordance with our key principle of improving the environmental sustainability of our business, RWS undertakes to: comply with the spirit as well as the letter of all applicable environmental legislation, approved codes of practice and any other requirements not codified by law to which we subscribe cooperate fully and maintain open relationships with all regulatory authorities comply with the environmental requirements of the company’s clients continually improve the sustainability of our operations by reducing negative environmental impacts and developing positive impacts wherever reasonably practicable These commitments will be achieved, wherever practicable, by: minimizing our contribution to climate change by reducing the use of all raw materials, energy, water, and supplies preventing pollution of the environment including minimizing releases to air, land, and water implementing a waste management hierarchy to minimize the quantity of waste produced reducing the need for business travel and otherwise encouraging the use of more sustainable forms of transport providing environmental progress and performance updates to employees, clients, and other interested stakeholders ensuring that all employees, persons, and organizations working on our behalf are familiar with our policy", "Link": "https://www.rws.com/who-we-are/corporate-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "RYKO a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Royal Comfort s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "RR Donnelley Czech s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "S & D Pharma CZ, spol. s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "S U M O s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "WE ARE NOT INDIFFERENT TO OUR SURROUNDINGS We are not indifferent to the impact of our activities and our relationships with our partners. In order to inspire us in this new area, we have become a member of the non-profit organization Association of Social Responsibility We have red and gray in the logo, but we are also trying to be a Green Company. In addition to standard waste sorting (plastics, paper and glass), our company has been involved in the Green Company project and enables its employees to dispose of environmentally-friendly small electrical appliances and batteries in an environmentally-friendly manner, thereby expanding their environmental protection activities. WE VALUE OUR BUSINESS PARTNERS Building relationships is the foundation of good business. We have based our business on building long-term relationships with business partners and we have been together with some of them since the company was founded", "Link": "http://www.sumo.team/spolecenska-odpovednost.html"}
{"Company Name": "S. A. B. Impex, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "S.A.B. Aerospace s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "SAB is a group reliable for the impact of its actions on the society and the environment. Having subscribed to a CSR policy for a number of years, SAB, through its various actions undertaken, has made a constant contribution towards the respect of fundamental social and environmental principles and the protection of bio-diversity. In 2007, the Group joined the UN Global Compact. Step by step, the entire SAB Group has been more actively involved in the CSR approach; the sum of the results obtained at every level of the company, at every site, in France and beyond in its international subsidiaries, revealed a determination well anchored now in the approach that has been pursued by the Group for the last 10 years. SAB Group has undergone major organizational changes and has evolved in accordance with these principles: Human Rights and Labour Standards for which SAB is moving towards a harmonization of employee benefits, throughout all the sites of the Group on the basis of what exists in France – good practices transmitted to the Global Compact to contribute to the Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) Guide – and training for all via its SAB Academy entity. Environment for which SAB Group has reduced inter-site travels via the deployment of videoconferencing on all its sites, and has been enrolled in sustaining biodiversity through strong initiatives such as the installation of hives site after site, and most recently as part of an extensive reforestation program. Fight against Corruption for which SAB Group has implemented a code of ethics where all employees apply the so-called “good conduct” rules and which includes the whistleblower procedure. Promoting the fundamental principles of the Global Compact that are Human Rights, Labor Standards, Environment and Anti-Corruption remains our goal. For this, SAB makes every effort and communicate annually its best practices to the UN. Its 11th Communication on Progress (Cop) for 2018 has been validated and SAB Group maintains its Advanced status for the 6th time.", "Link": "https://www.sab2i.com/en/csr/"}
{"Company Name": "S.O.K. stavební, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "S&K LABEL spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Environmental issue We proceed in due consideration of the environment, optimise material consumption using modern technologies and prefer environmentally friendly materials. We sort waste from the production of labels for secondary processing, we recycle waste heat, chemical waste – primarily printing colours. We promote environmentally friendly solutions, offer products bearing the FSC® certificate and support educational activities in environmental issues. Thanks to this, we hold the Environmental Management System certification in accordance with CSN EN ISO 14001.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "S&K TOOLS spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "S&T CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "S&T Motiv has been actively engaged in Corporate Social Responsibility activities in many different fields as a part of our efforts to serve as a responsible member of society. Scholarship ProgramsEnvironmental ProgramsSharing Programs College scholarship Talent cultivation fund Scholarship for disadvantaged people Cultivating talented people in science majors One company – One river campaign Green plant Activities to clean up the neighborhood of our company Sponsorship for farming and fishing villages Corporate mecenat Sponsorship for welfare organizations Help-your-neighbor volunteer activities Delivering free lunches for elderly living alone Delivering free lunches for elderly people living alone Free coal briquette delivery Free coal briquette delivery Fall Ibis, a drive to help local famers “Fall Ibis”, a drive to help local famers Santa Claus expedition Santa Claus expedition Cake making Cake making Expo for youth enterprise Expo for youth enterprise River cleanup River cleanup", "Link": "http://www.sntmotiv.com/eng/sustainability/csr.html"}
{"Company Name": "S&you", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SAB Finance a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SAFINA, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Safran Cabin CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "The Sustainability of Aviation A Statement by the Chief Technology Officers of seven of the world’s major aviation manufacturers. Paris Airshow Le Bourget, June 18 2019 The aeronautics industry's commitment to sustainable aviation - Speech by the CTOs of major aeronautical groups, including Stéphane Cueille, Safran's R&amp;T Director Raphaël Soret / Safran A Unified Commitment Aviation connects our world by efficiently and rapidly moving people, opening new economic opportunities and transporting food and goods all over our planet. Aviation promotes global understanding, generating rich cultural exchanges and thereby contributing to peaceful co-existence. At the same time, climate change has become a clear concern for our society. Humanity's impact on the climate requires action on many fronts. The aviation industry is already taking significant action to protect the planet and will continue to do so. Aviation contributes to two percent of human-made carbon dioxide emissions. The industry has challenged itself to reduce net CO2 emissions even while demand for air travel and transport grows significantly. Through the Air Transport Action Group (ATAG), the aviation industry became the world's first industrial sector to set an ambitious target: reduce CO2 emissions to half of year 2005 levels by 2050, and to limit the growth of net CO2 emissions by 2020. We are on track to meet those near-term commitments, including the 2019 implementation of the Carbon Offsetting and Reduction Scheme for International Aviation (CORSIA) program as agreed upon by the nations of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO). The Chief Technology Officers of seven of the world's leading aviation manufacturers are now each working at an unprecedented level to ensure the industry meets these aggressive and necessary commitments. The Strategy There are three major technological elements to sustainable aviation: Continuing to develop aircraft and engine design and technology in a relentless pursuit of improvements in fuel efficiency and reduced CO2 emissions. Supporting the commercialization of sustainable, alternate aviation fuels. Around 185,000 commercial flights have already proven that today's aircraft are ready to use them. Developing radically new aircraft and propulsion technology and accelerating technologies that will enable the ‘third generation' of aviation. Other factors, such as efficient air traffic management and aircraft routing that minimizes fuel consumption also have a vital part to play. Our industry has demonstrated significant progress on reducing noise and other environmental impacts and will continue to do so. Aircraft and Engine Design and Technology For the last 40 years, aircraft and engine technology has reduced CO2 emissions by a yearly average of over one percent per passenger mile. This has been the result of significant R&D investments in materials, aerodynamic efficiency, digital design and manufacturing methods, turbomachinery developments and aircraft systems optimization. For many years, through a variety of industry organizations and international bodies, the aviation community has voluntarily committed to meet a set of aggressive targets for enhanced airplane environmental performance. Targets set by the Advisory Council for Aeronautics Research in Europe call for a 75 percent reduction in CO2, a 90 percent drop in NOX and a 65 percent decrease in noise by 2050, compared with year 2000 levels. To help achieve these aggressive goals, global agreements reached through ICAO call for a fuel-efficiency performance standard to be part of the certification process applied to every airplane. We remain committed to improving existing aircraft and engine designs to continue the trajectory of improving efficiency as much as possible. Concurrently, we note the tremendous technological challenges ahead of us and the likely need to include more radical ‘third generation' approaches. Fostering the Energy Transition: Sustainable Aviation Fuels Aviation will continue to rely on liquid fuels as the fundamental energy source for larger and longer-range aircraft for the foreseeable future. Even under the most optimistic forecasts for electric-powered flight, regional and single-aisle commercial airplanes will remain operating in the global fleet with jet fuel for decades to come. Therefore, the development of Sustainable Aviation Fuels (SAFs) which use recycled rather than fossil-based carbon and meet strong, credible sustainability standards is an essential component of a sustainable future. Five pathways for production of SAFs have already been approved for use, with commercial scale production of one of these pathways already in place. We believe that accelerating production scale-up of all commercially viable pathways, while simultaneously developing additional lower cost pathways, is the key to success. This work is already underway at research institutions and within companies in various industrial sectors. What is needed is an expansion of government support for technology development, production facility investment, and fuel production incentives around the world. We are fully supportive of any fuel, which is sustainable, scalable, and compatible with existing fuels. We will work closely with fuel producers, operators, airports, environmental organizations and government agencies to bring these fuels into widespread aviation use well ahead of 2050. The Third Era of Aviation Aviation is at the dawn of its third major era, building on the foundation laid by the Wright brothers and the innovators of the Jet Age in the 1950s. Aviation's third era is enabled by advances in new architectures, advanced engine thermodynamic efficiencies, electric and hybrid-electric propulsion, digitization, artificial intelligence, materials and manufacturing. Larger aircraft will begin to benefit from novel designs that will further improve efficiency through management of aircraft drag and distributing propulsion in new ways. New materials will enable lighter aircraft, further improving efficiency. We are excited by this third generation of aviation and, even though all of the represented companies have different approaches, we are all driven by the certainty of its contribution to the role of aviation in a sustainable future. We believe aviation is entering its most exciting era since the dawn of the Jet Age. This third era promises a transformative positive impact on lives around the globe — and we stand ready to make it a reality. Call to Action: Let's Make This Future Together The future of aviation is bright. Yet, in addition to the significant efforts our sector is undertaking, we also depend on the coordinated support from policymakers, regulators and governments working together to achieve these goals. There must be additional public and private commitment to establish a sound regulatory foundation to address the novel issues associated with emerging aviation technologies and to provide the necessary economic support for widespread SAFs commercialization. We envision broader, deeper and ongoing coordination through ICAO to facilitate unified approaches to regulation with established national and global regulatory and standards-setting bodies. These include the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, the European Aviation Safety Agency, and the Civil Aviation Administration of China, Transport Canada, ANAC of Brazil and others. As industry CTOs we are committed to driving the sustainability of aviation. We believe in this industry and its role in making our world a brighter and safer place. We also strongly believe we have an approach to make aviation sustainable and play an even bigger role in our global community.", "Link": "https://www.safran-group.com/media/sustainability-aviation-20190618"}
{"Company Name": "SAINT-GOBAIN", "Number of employees": 4999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "A CORPORATE STRATEGY DRIVEN BY A SENSE OF RESPONSIBILITY At Saint-Gobain, we are convinced that companies must place their values at the heart of their business model and use all their weight in favour of responsible and sustainable development. Our group is committed to contributing to the common good by limiting the negative impacts of our activities and by creating local value shared with each of our partners. It is with these convictions in mind that we have embarked on our strategy to limit the negative impacts of our activities, create local value shared with our stakeholders and provide materials and solutions that offer comfort, performance and safety, everywhere in our homes and daily lives. We are thus committed to creating usefulness at the heart of our business for all our partners and to participating in the sustainable development of construction, mobility, health and industry markets. Our values, set out in our code of conduct - the Principles of Conduct and Action - are the basis of our corporate approach. They are rooted both in a culture with over 350 years of history and in a demanding international institutional framework. In 2019, we published our CSR roadmap (Corporate Social Responsibility) in order to rigorously monitor our progress on our priority CSR challenges. This roadmap presents the credible and ambitious objectives that we have set for ourselves by 2025, and is intended to support the management of our strategy.", "Link": "https://www.saint-gobain.com/en/our-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "SAITECH s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Corporate social responsibility The Corporate Social Responsibility is the set of actions performed within the company so that its activities have a positive effect on society, and strengthen the principles and values followed by SAITEC, both in proprietary methods and internal processes and in its relationship with the rest of stakeholders. One of these values upheld by SAITEC is sustainable development, which, as the Brundtland Commission stated in 1987, aims to “meet the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs”. As agents in society, business organisations play a key role in achieving this goal. SAITEC is aware of it and acts accordingly. Another of SAITEC's values is the promotion of talent. The company's Human Resources corporate model aims to foster the growth of business and people, by providing its employees with an attractive workplace, professional development opportunities and training programmes. SAITEC promotes equality, non-discrimination and reconciliation of work and family life. In the social sphere, SAITEC's activity focuses on the principles of service to society, active participation in creating wealth equally and effectively, respect for the environment, energy efficiency, fight against climate change and collaboration in humanitarian aid work.", "Link": "https://www.saitec.es/en/saitec_responsabilidad.html"}
{"Company Name": "SALTEK s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Corporate social commitment and public services are deeply entrenched in the cultural fabric of Saltek. As a responsible corporate citizen, we undertake CSR activities in multiple sectors through the various Charitable Trusts established to pursue the same. Our focus areas of developmental activities are to promote good health, social development and better environment among the lower economic strata of the society.", "Link": "http://saltekpharma.com/about-us/csr/"}
{"Company Name": "SALVATOR STŘECHY s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "sanaplasma s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "sanofi-aventis, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Contributing to access to healthcare for the underserved Developing communities and employee engagement Addressing environmental challenges Upholding ethics & transparency We’ve talked about climate change for years, it’s a subject that gathers together heads of state, is the stuff of promises in international treaties, and impacts everyone’s daily lives. We recycle our shopping bags, talk about our carbon footprint, and in more extreme circumstances lose our homes and livelihoods due to floods. Yet it is still one of the most significant health challenges of our century. Between 2030 and 2050, the World Health Organization (WHO) expects that climate change will cause nearly 250,000 additional deaths annually: 48,000 due to diarrhea, 60,000 to malaria, 95,000 to undernourishment of children, and 38,000 to heat exposure among elderly people.1 The devastating effects of a heatwave on human health are well known, including an increased number of deaths from cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, particularly among the elderly. In Europe, an additional 70,000 deaths were attributed to a heat wave during the summer of 2003. Infographic about the effects of climate change on health The obvious direct effects of climate change include increased stress from heat, floods, drought and more extreme events such as storms, but there are also more indirect effects, such as air pollution, the spread of diseases transmitted by carriers such as mosquitoes, population displacements and post-traumatic stress caused by natural disasters. As climate change continues, our planet could be a very different and harsh place to live in the future. Over the coming years, it could lead to land degradation with available agricultural land falling sharply by 2050. It could also provoke dwindling water resources. The gap between water needs and available resources could reach 40% in the coming decades, with serious consequences on people’s ability to feed themselves and consequently their health. All of us are affected by climate change, but as is most often the case the impact is even more serious for vulnerable populations in emerging countries, where the health infrastructure is less robust and the areas affected are particularly large. Such is the case for parts of Asia, such as Bangladesh, and Sub-Saharan Africa where drought has resulted in decreased food resources. In only two years’ time, by 2020, it is expected that 60 million people could migrate from impacted regions of sub-Saharan Africa to North Africa and Europe, which will have a hugely negative impact on the already unmanageable global immigration crisis.", "Link": "https://www.sanofi.com/en/our-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "SanSwiss s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SAP Services, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our sustainability and CSR focus SAP’s sustainability and corporate social responsibility (CSR) focus is an outgrowth of our purpose to help the world run better and improve people's lives. We believe social, environmental, and economic activities and performance are interrelated – each impacting the others. Our efforts focus on creating a sustainable future for SAP, our customers, and society. SAP’s sustainability impact How does software positively impact sustainability? When customers use SAP solutions to become more transparent, improve energy efficiency, protect workers from accidents, or address risks in their supply chain, they turn sustainability into concrete actions that benefit workers, communities, the environment, and people throughout the world. How SAP's purpose impacts the world SAP's technology and people help our customers address the world’s biggest issues. Visit the SAP Purpose & Promise website to see how our solutions help people, businesses, and institutions achieve economic development, social progress, and environmental impact. Sustainability through digital transformation Our free openSAP online courses show how IT and digital technologies help create positive economic, social, and environmental impact... improving your business and transforming industries. SAP Integrated Report The SAP Integrated Report shows how sustainability integrates into our core business, presenting our financial and non-financial performance in one report for greater insight into our overall performance. Sustainable operations At SAP we believe that improving our sustainability performance gives us insight that will help our customers do the same. We focus on three key metrics: environmental, social and economic. Each is critical as we work to create a sustainable future for SAP, our customers, and society. Responsible business We actively work to ensure that we live up to high ethical standards throughout SAP. Our policies govern the conduct of our management, employees, suppliers, and partners, as well as critical areas of our business such as sales, vendor selection, and payroll. Sustainable strategy Instead of treating sustainability as a single project or department, we integrate sustainability into our core business by embedding sustainability throughout our organization. One of our goals is to show how sustainability both aligns with our business objectives and benefits our bottom line. Sustainable procurement Sustainability is an integral part of our supply chain. We seek to buy products and services from suppliers who meet high environmental and social standards. SAP Code of Business Conduct for Employees The Code of Business Conduct expresses the high standard of integrity that we require from our employees in conducting the Company’s business, in terms transparent to employees and other stakeholders. Learn more about the SAP Code of Business Conduct for Employees SAP Environmental Policy We are committed to reducing our impact on the environment in our operations, throughout our value chain, and with our solutions. The SAP Global Environmental Policy guides our efforts to minimize our ecological footprint, provide environmental performance transparency, and demonstrate leadership in sustainability through transformational strategies and offering solutions that enable customers to increase resource productivity. For more information, see our the SAP Global Environmental Policy (PDF) SAP Global Anti-Discrimination Policy The purpose of this Policy is to enforce SAP’s commitment to treating all employees with dignity and respect in a workplace free from discrimination and harassment. At SAP, our commitment goes beyond legal requirements; it is part of our culture and plays a vital role in our vision to help the world run better and improve people’s lives. SAP Global Anti-Discrimination Policy (PDF) SAP Global Diversity and Inclusion Commitment Statement The purpose of this Commitment Statement is to provide a framework for diversity and inclusion at SAP which enables people, processes and technology to ensure bias-free business by helping employees flourish in an inclusive and authentic working environment. SAP Global Diversity and Inclusion Commitment Statement (PDF) SAP Global Health and Safety Management Policy We are committed to promoting health, safety, and mental and emotional well-being in order to become a role model for sustainable people management. The SAP Global Health and Safety Management Policy supports business processes and leadership behavior by addressing, health, safety, well-being, and stress-management topics. Together with our managers and employees, we want to achieve – among others – the following objectives: Promote and enable health, safety, well-being, and the ability to perform well Support managers in their obligation to act responsibly in this regard Engage with our suppliers, partners, and customers to promote the topic Comply with and go beyond all the applicable statutory and legal regulations Provide products that are safe for our customers and employees to use For more details, see the SAP Global Health and Safety Management Policy SAP Human Rights Commitment As a signatory of the UN Global Compact since 2000, SAP believes companies have a responsibility to respect human rights throughout all business operations. At SAP, we respect and support the values of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization's (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work by integrating human rights considerations into our standard business practices. For this, we see three major areas of impact: Our employees Our ecosystem Our solutions and services For more information, see our Global Human Rights Commitment Statement SAP Partner Code of Conduct This code is a statement of integrity that SAP expects from all its partners. SAP regards our partner base as a critical and necessary extension of our operations and future success. SAP has created the SAP Partner Code of Conduct to help our partners understand what is expected of them. This code is a statement of integrity that SAP expects from its partners that comprises all partners, including technology, solution, service (e.g., consulting, implementation, system integration, hosting, education), channel (Value Added Reseller, distributor and other reseller) and all other partners that collaborate with SAP or are part of any partner program of SAP after having been offered global or local partnership by SAP in any strategic business area or for any customer need in all market segments and then being nominated as Partner by SAP and all employees of the so-defined partners. SAP has a strong commitment to integrity and sustainability. In line with this, we encourage our partners to: Comply with all regional and federal laws, rules, and regulations Uphold the human rights of workers and treat them with dignity and respect Operate with sustainable business practices and mindful, responsible use of environmental resources Provide a safe and professional work environment that protects SAP's intellectual property Refrain from any action that may be considered a conflict of interest Partners doing business in the market as a nominated SAP Partner must be in full compliance with this SAP Partner Code of Conduct and all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and policies as noncompliance might be regarded as a violation of the partner agreement. View the SAP Partner Code of Conduct To learn more about the Code or to report potential violations, e-mail SAP at global-compliance-office@sap.com or call us at +1 877-587-8605 (toll free in the U.S.) or +49 6227 7 40022 (Germany). (Please note that the SAP Global Compliance Office can answer questions with regards to the Partner Code of Conduct but cannot give legal advice.) SAP Supplier Code of Conduct We encourage our suppliers to adopt sustainable business practices as set forth in the SAP Supplier Code of Conduct. We regard our supplier base as a critical and necessary extension of our operations and success. To help our suppliers, we created the SAP Supplier Code of Conduct, a statement of integrity that SAP expects from its contractors, consultants, suppliers, vendors, and all other third-party companies that comprise SAP's supply chain (\"Suppliers\"). All work performed for SAP must be in full compliance with this SAP Supplier Code of Conduct and all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and policies. We encourage our contractors, consultants, suppliers, and agents to: Comply with regional and federal laws, rules, and regulations Uphold the human rights of workers and treat them with dignity and respect Operate with sustainable business practices and mindful, responsible use of environmental resources Provide a safe and professional work environment that protects SAP's intellectual property Refrain from any action that may be considered a conflict ofinterest The following code of conduct is in place for SAP, parent company of the SAP Group, and all its entities: View the SAP Supplier Code of Conduct The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires companies listed in the United States to declare whether they have a code of ethics that, at minimum, applies to certain levels of management. The SAP Supplier Code of Conduct meets the standards set by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations pursuant to the act. To learn more about the Code or to report potential violations, e-mail SAP at global-compliance-office@sap.com or call us at +1 877-587-8605 (toll free in the U.S.) or +49 6227 7 40022 (in Germany). SAP’s Guiding Principles for Artificial Intelligence Recognizing the significant impact of artificial intelligence (AI) on people, our customers, and society, SAP designed these guiding principles to steer the development and deployment of our AI software to help the world run better and improve people’s lives. Building digital skills SAP’s education initiatives help people attain the relevant 21st-century skills to thrive and secure decent, meaningful work, including entrepreneurial pursuits, in a digital world. In 2018, our digital skills and coding programs trained 34,000 teachers, engaged 2.8 million young people and spanned 93 countries. Meet and Code Meet and Code introduces European children and young people between 8 and 24 to technology and coding in partnership with Haus des Stiftens gGmbH (HDS) and TechSoup Europe. By exploring a broad range of technology, digital topics, and creative coding, participants develop the digital skills they need to succeed in today’s world. In 2018, 52,000 young people participated in over 1,100 workshops in 22 countries. Adult and child's feet Learning for Life SAP CSR’s digital skills portfolio is part of “Learning for Life,” SAP’s end-to-end education and workforce readiness approach that addresses automation and the global skills gap challenge. Find out how SAP is putting inclusion into action. Learn more Young adults interacting at a table Build Your Own Snap! Workshop Join this free online course aimed at computer science teachers and workshop organizers who would like to inspire young people to take their first steps with Snap!, a visual, drag-and-drop programming language. Register here Young professionals interacting at a whiteboard Global Alliance for YOUth Twenty international companies, including SAP, launched the Global Alliance for YOUth at World Economic Forum 2019 with an ambition to impact six million young people by 2022, building employability skills to thrive in the work world. Learn more Accelerating best-run non-profits and social enterprises SAP CSR carefully selects non-profit and social enterprise partners primarily in the areas of quality education, workforce preparedness, and youth entrepreneurship. We provide skills, technology expertise, and access to markets to accelerate these partners’ ability to drive sustainable social impact and systemic change. In 2018, SAP built capacity for over 800 organizations through in-kind contributions of €3.4 million, impacting more than 1 million lives globally. ReThinking Cyberbullying Meet Trisha Prabhu, founder of ReThink - an app tackling cyberbullying, used by more than 5.5M students in the U.S. Trisha is a social entrepreneur, innovator and We Are Family Foundation Global Teen Leader alumni. SAP proudly supports Global Teen Leaders like Trisha who exemplify our purpose to help the world run better and improve people's lives. Social Enterprise World Forum (SEWF) In 2018 SAP announced its biggest commitment yet in support of the social enterprise sector with a three-year technology partnership with SEWF, the world’s leading international social enterprise movement-building organization. Watch the video Learn how social enterprises can enhance your supply chain Line of people silhouetted against a sunset sky World Economic Forum SAP partners with some of the world’s most impactful international organizations to ensure all people have the skills necessary to participate in the digital economy, including World Economic Forum (WEF). Find out how together, we are putting our purpose into action. Learn more blue urban building with kids climbing in a window SAP Social Sabbatical The SAP Social Sabbatical program is a portfolio of pro bonovolunteering programs where highly diverse teams of SAP employees solve strategic challenges of non-profits and social enterprises focused on bridging the digital divide. Learn more Connecting employees with purpose 93% of SAP employees acknowledge the importance of pursing purpose and sustainability. SAP CSR empowers them to take action around causes they care about. In 2018, 20,000+ SAP employees volunteered, dedicating more than 250,000 hours of service in 58 countries. 55% of all volunteer hours were skills-based in support of our innovative programs building digital skills, workforce readiness, and youth entrepreneurship. Back view of people walking down a street SAP Global Month of Service “Words are everywhere,” says SAP CEO Bill McDermott. “What matters far more — what separates noise from leadership — is action. Collectively, our actions make a huge difference.” In 2018, SAP employees volunteered more than 100,000 hours in more than 900 projects. Now in its 15th year, SAP’s largest employee volunteer campaign, Global Month of Service, will take place once again in October 2019. Read about Month of Service 2018", "Link": "https://www.sap.com/corporate/en/company/sustainability-csr.html"}
{"Company Name": "SAS Autosystemtechnik s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Responsibility Target-oriented, efficient, quality-conscious: all this makes SAS a successful company and allows us to set new standards in relation to the competition. Our employees' high degree of motivation and qualification plays an important role in this. The cornerstones of our daily work are seamlessly intermeshing processes and comprehensive service provision. Thanks to our many years of practical experience and knowledge of the industry, we are in a position to manage our projects with the greatest technical and professional competence. Our vision We are the globally leading automotive cockpit provider. We achieve this by focussing on customer satisfaction, becoming the first contact in the automotive sector and by counting all large automotive manufacturers as our customers. Our aim is to grow faster than the market and to achieve sustainable profitability. Our expertise We specialise in the technology, assembly and logistics for automotive cockpits. Our mission We supply high-quality, flawless cockpit modules and products. We offer an excellent service which contributes to our customers' competitiveness. We create added value for our employees and shareholders. We offer a motivating, healthy and safe working environment and atmosphere for all employees worldwide. We want to reduce the use of energy and further resources because we have a responsibility to avoid and prevent pollution and contamination. We comply with numerous legal, social and other requirements in order to achieve this. That is our contribution to protecting the environment and conserving resources. The management system Our standards and their permanent further development and improvement are based on our quality management system, also known as the management system. With this, we permanently increase our customers' competitiveness. The management system describes the manner in which SAS should act across the entire product lifecycle. It identifies standards, determines processes and provides tools for the continuous optimisation of all our processes. The management system thus assists every employee in their individual further development and in making a contribution both to the future success of SAS and also that of their customers. Targeted growth with expertise and quality Founded in 1996 SAS operates 20 plants all over the world. Sound technical knowledge and strict quality standards form the basis of our efficient processes and reliable services. These factors made it possible for us to establish ourselves as an important main player in the constantly growing global automotive industry. Since January 30th 2020 SAS is a wholly owned subsidiary of Faurecia.", "Link": "https://www.sas-automotive.com/en/company/corporate-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "SATJAM, s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Savencia Fromage & Dairy Czech Republic, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "OXYGEN Committed to a sustainable, ethical and solidary world, Savencia creates better food and serves the common good and mobilizes for a sustainable development around its vocation \"Leading the way to better food\". COMMITTED TOGETHER OXYGEN is the name of the Groupe SAVENCIA’ s approach to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR). Inspired and driven by committed men and women all over the world, OXYGEN breathes new life into SAVENCIA’ s approach to Corporate Social Responsibility. OXYGEN carries our ambition to combine meaning and performance, work with our partners and innovate for a sustainable world.OUR APPROACH Involve our Stakeholders in a sustainable progress approach: employees, producers, consumers, customers, suppliers, community. 185 Stakeholders have been consulted worldwide to design the OXYGEN plan priorities. Reinforce our CSR initiatives with a Global ambition and Local actions, implemented by our companies in close link with their local environment.4 MAJOR PROGRESS FOCUSESThe Groupe Savencia’ s approach to Corporate Social Responsibility is based on 4 major progress focuses : products, raw material, earth and Human.", "Link": "https://www.savencia-fromagedairy.com/en/oxygen/"}
{"Company Name": "Sberbank CZ, a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sberbank's corporate social responsibility (Sberbank's CSR) is a collection of principles and obligations by which the Bank is guided during its activity, in particular: management of stakeholder relationships; assessment and management of impact on the national economy, social sphere and the environment. Sberbank's CSR goals: Integration of Sberbank's Mission with realising the goals and tasks of Sberbank's Development Strategy. Creation of an additional competitiveness factor for Sberbank by cultivating an image of a socially responsible company, including due to its international activity. Control and management of Sberbank's reputation risk level as it pertains to CSR. Participation in formation of new markets of environmentally and socially oriented products and services. Creation of an additional employee loyalty factor through more active involvement of employees in solving socially important issues. The Bank's CSR tasks: Introduction of CSR principles in the Bank's activity. Capitalization of the Bank's social activity and increase in the Bank's brand value. Raising of the Bank's CSR management quality by organizing systemic operation. Organization of the activity planning process, improvement of its cost efficiency. Creation of mechanisms to identify and take into account stakeholders' interests as part of the Bank's operation, and to inform stakeholders of the results of the Bank's CSR activity that comply with best international practices. Over the Bank's entire history, its success has been attributed to its active involvement in the life of the country and society. Sberbank has always acted both as an economic and a social financial institution. We believe that the success of a modern company in the 21st century is not solely determined by its financial results, but also by the way these results are achieved. This understanding is reflected in our goals and corresponds to our Mission. Our Approach: Principles The implementation of the Bank's CSR Policy and building of relations with stakeholders are based on the following social responsibility principles as defined by ISO 26000. Accountability The Bank recognises the need to regularly provide reports on its impact on society, the economy and the environment. The Bank views positive criticism from stakeholders as a source for improving its performance in terms of CSR and undertakes to reply to these critical judgements, and to take measures to prevent the recurrence of unintentional and unforeseen negative impacts. Transparency The Bank strives to ensure transparency of its resolutions and activity that affect society, the economy and the environment. The Bank seeks to reasonably disclose in an accurate, complete and comprehensible manner its policy, resolutions and activity for which it is responsible, including their known and likely impact on society, the economy and the environment. The Bank aims to promptly ensure the availability of such information for stakeholders so that they are able to evaluate the impact of the Bank's resolutions and activity on their interests. The principle of transparency does not mean a commitment to disclose restricted or confidential information or information whose disclosure may give rise to legal and commercial obligations, undertakings to guarantee safety and privacy. Ethical Conduct The Bank recognises as ethical such conduct of its employees that complies with the Bank's Mission, its rules and values defined in the Bank's Development Strategy. Respect for Stakeholders' Interests The Bank at all times conducts a dialogue with stakeholders, and regularly identifies, evaluates and takes into consideration the expectations and interests of stakeholders by means of meetings, interviews, surveys, focus groups, and analysis of stakeholder requests. The Bank is open to discuss with stakeholders any questions that are of common interest, and creating conditions for such a dialogue, and is willing to come to a mutually acceptable decision. Rule of Law and International Standards of Behaviour The Bank follows the rule of law, recognising that all subordinate legislation obeys the law, which makes the Bank's by-laws subordinate to the law as well. The Bank also adheres to the principle of equality before the law, acknowledging that the laws are equally applicable to all without distinction, and that no one can be free from liability for acts they have committed. The Bank observes all applicable laws and regulations, identifies and studies applicable laws and regulations, informs its employees about their responsibility to observe the same and takes appropriate and prompt steps to ensure compliance with the law in all jurisdictions where it operates, even if such laws and regulations do not apply to the Bank directly. Observance of Human Rights The Bank observes human rights, and recognises their importance and commonality. The Bank respects the universality of human rights, understanding they are inseparably applied in each operating country, in any culture and under any circumstances. The Bank also contributes to their observance and believes it is unacceptable to benefit from situations where the laws or their application do not guarantee adequate protection of human rights.", "Link": "https://www.sberbank.ru/en/about/responsibility/our_approach"}
{"Company Name": "SBR Recruiting", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Sconto Nábytek, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SCS Software s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Neutral Third Party Audits, test results, and certifications conducted by a neutral third-party provide the independent perspective needed to help clients evaluate their own performance, identify improvement opportunities, and determine the best steps forward. Third-party certification also builds customer and stakeholder confidence. We vigorously uphold our third-party status through the following steps. We are financially independent from our clients, and have no financial backing from any institution who has an interest in representing our clients or their products. We operate on a fee-for-service basis, providing transparency and ensuring that our fees are not attached to the volume of sales of certified products. Our internal quality system and company policies ensure insulation from commercial, financial and other pressures that might influence the findings of a certification, verification or validation assessment, and interpretations of test results. Each SCS Program Director and Manager is responsible for identifying, analyzing and documenting potential conflicts of interest relative to project-specific evaluation, audit and certification activities. SCS requires all personnel, internal and contracted, to reveal any situation known to them that may present them or SCS with a potential conflict of interest. Vision and Mission Our Vision Simply put, our vision is to promote sustainable decision-making and policies in every sector of the economy around the world, in order to safeguard our environment, support workers and communities, and raise the standard of living for all. Our Mission To achieve this vision, we have established programs and services designed to: Recognize the outstanding achievements of companies, institutions and organizations who are meeting the highest levels of performance in environmental protection, social responsibility, product safety and quality; and Stimulate continuous improvement on the path toward sustainability. In this undertaking, we employ a life-cycle framework, state-of-the-art science, proven analytical methods and performance metrics and professional expertise. Objectives To accomplish our mission, our programs and services are oriented toward: Promoting management system certification, product certification, inspection, validation and verification in accordance with the applicable certification standards; Assisting companies and industries implement systems and practices that minimize impacts on human health and the environment; Delivering world-class assessment and certification services; Continually monitoring scientific developments, market dynamics and regulatory requirements; and Continually improving SCS services to meet multi-stakeholder objectives. History Back in 1984, when SCS first began providing third-party certification services, sustainability was hardly on the radar screen. Fast forward to today, sustainability innovation is a key business driver around the globe. Here are just a few of the many exciting milestones in our history. What's in a Name? Names say a lot about intentions, and we've chosen a name that communicates ours. We first incorporated under the name, Ohlone Inc., in honor of the sustainable practices of the original inhabitants of the San Francisco Bay Area where we began offering services. In 1988, we became Scientific Certification Systems, Inc. (SCS), to communicate our efforts to apply rigorous science to the task of independent, third-party certification of claims, paying attention to holistic, system-wide ramifications. Today, we are SCS Global Services, communicating the importance of serving the international community with science-based certification, auditing, and testing services and insights. Benefit Corporation In January 2012, SCS was officially reorganized and recognized as one of California’s first Benefit Corporations, a new class of corporation that voluntarily meets different standards of purpose, accountability, and transparency. Benefit Corporations have a corporate purpose to create a material positive impact on society and the environment. They are required to consider the impact of their decisions not only on shareholders but also on workers, community, and the environment, and to describe their environmental and social performance each year in an annual report made available to the public. Setting the Standard for Sustainability: 1984 to Present. Back in 1984, when SCS first began providing third-party certification services, sustainability was hardly on the radar screen. Fast forward to today, sustainability innovation is a key business and policy driver around the globe.", "Link": "https://www.scsglobalservices.com/about/company"}
{"Company Name": "Scuderia Praha a.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SDE Software Solutions", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SEACOMP s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SECTRON MOBIL s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SecureOps s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility We recognise as an organisation that we have an impact on our society and local community and as such as a written Corporate Social Responsibility policy that you can view by clicking here. In addition to this we have a written Complaints Procedure for although we do not have many complaints we like to deal with the few we do efficiently and ensure that their is always a positive outcome from the complaint and we are always reviewing ourselves striving to be better. You can view our complaints procedure Corporate & Social Responsibility Policy At Secure-Ops, we are aware and recognise our responsibilities to clients, employees and suppliers, together with the needs of the community and the environment in which we operate in. We are an ethical business conducted with integrity and openness. We endeavour our best to provide opportunities for our employees and to create employment in areas where we operate. Secure-Ops recognise Corporate Social Responsibility as follows: • We always aim to conduct business in a socially responsible and ethical manner; • The environment as well as the safety of people enjoys our highest priority; • Our aim is to enhance visitors and client experience at events when they directly or indirectly deal with security. • Our company fully supports the existing human rights; • We are keen to support and interact with the communities in which we work. Secure-Ops guarantees that all issues concerning Corporate Social Responsibility are supported in our day-to-day business activities and administrative matters. Furthermore it is ensured that all issues regarding Corporate Social Responsibility are in line with the company’s stakeholders’ interests. The company’s employees wholly embrace the considerations of Corporate Social Responsibility outlined in this policy. The company’s management team leads by example in this regard, as it continuously integrates those concerns into its daily business routine. The management team members make certain that proper organisational structures exist to identify, follow and manage Corporate Social Responsibility matters and performance pertinent to the business. Business Ethics and Transparency Secure-Ops is dedicated to maintaining high standards of integrity and corporate governance practices to enable us to continue the excellence in our operations, and to advance confidence in our government systems. Secure-Ops will carry out its business in an honest and ethical way. Secure-Ops identifies the importance of protecting all of its assets, be it financial, physical, bodily, environmental or social. Health & Safety Secure-Ops is dedicated to protect the health and safety of all people who come into contact with our services; this includes employees, contractors and the general public. We will not compromise the health & safety of any person; we will ensure a safe and healthy workplace. Secure-Ops will strive to advance responsible environmental practices and continue to improve. All the company’s’ employees are responsible for helping to work in a safe workplace and for operating in an environmentally accountable manner. Our objective is to reduce our impact on the environment through a commitment to continual improvement directed at reducing our environmental footprint wherever possible. To this end we recycle paper, toner and inkjet cartridges. All staff are encouraged to utilise public transport. Company also practise Think before you print policy on emails. QLY001/120313/ISSUE2 Secure-Ops Ltd 5 The Maltings Stanstead Abbotts Herts SG12 8UU t: 01920 870999 e: secureopsltd@aol.com w: www.secure-ops.com  Page 2 January 21, 2014 QLY001/120313/ISSUE2 Human Rights Secure-Ops will work with governments and agencies, as they have the primary responsibility to promote and protect human rights, to aid and respect human rights. Secure-Ops will not tolerate abuse of human rights neither will Secure-Ops engage in any activity that encourages the abuse of human rights. Secure-Ops will always attempt to demonstrate respect for human rights in all associations it encounters, build trust, and have respect for cultures, customs, individuals and groups. Employee Relations Whilst respecting the Laws of the United Kingdom, Secure-Ops will exercise fair working Practices. Secure-Ops will make sure that all employees are treated equally and fairly and consideration will be taken for their aspirations and achievements in the workplace. All people coming into contact with Secure-Ops will be treated equally irrespective of race, colour, religion, gender, sexual orientation, physical disability or any other grounds that might be construed as grounds for discrimination, including harassment and intimidation. We are an Equal Opportunities Company and abide by The Working Time Directive. Clients: Our business and livelihood depends on our clients. All employees are responsible for ensuring that any contact with clients reflects professionalism, efficiency and honesty. We will strive to provide a high quality level of service together with good value for money. We take seriously all feedback that we receive from clients and where possible maintain open dialogue to ensure that we fulfil the requirements outlined within this policy. We will register and resolve customer complaints in accordance with our documented standards of service. Community Investment Secure-Ops will aim to develop beneficial relationships with communities and will combine Community Investment considerations onto decision-making and business practices. Where Secure-Ops operates, we will endeavour to provide employment and economic opportunities in the community. Responsibility The Managing Director is responsible for the implementation of this policy and ensuring that resources are made available to meet our corporate responsibilities. Monitoring each of the underlying policy commitments of this policy is the responsibility of the Managing Director to ensure that our performance in respect of this policy is consistently achieved. To this end the policy will be reviewed annually at the Annual Review Meeting.", "Link": "http://www.secure-ops.com/CSR.htm"}
{"Company Name": "SEFIRA spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Sécheron Hasler CZ, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Quality, Environment, Health & Safety Placing quality, health, safety, and the environment at the center of all of our activities, from new product development and manufacturing to commissioning and maintenance. Our QEHS (Quality, Environment, Health & Safety) policies support our mission of providing reliable, competitive electronic and electromechanical solutions to the railway industry. Our QEHS policies are implemented through short-, medium-, and long-term targets in alignment with our commitment to continuous improvement. Our companywide QEHS Management System is used to implement QEHS initiatives, assign resources, and track progress. It is based on the ISO/TS 22163, ISO 9001:2015, ISO 14001:2015, ISO 45001:2018 and ISO 17025 standards. Quality At Sécheron Hasler Group, quality means contributing to the efficiency, productivity, and safety of the global railway industry by designing, manufacturing, commissioning, and maintaining tested, reliable products and solutions to our customers. Our approach to quality is based on the following principles: We are nothing without our customers. Our success depends on our capacity to efficiently anticipate and address our customers’ needs. Quality procedures and management are fully integrated into all stages of our product development, manufacturing, delivery, and maintenance processes. Every single product we make is factory tested before delivery and meets or exceeds the expected level of performance; environmental impacts are part of our quality criteria. We strive to constantly add value to our products and solutions through technological innovation. We encourage our employees to take initiatives and hold them accountable for their work. We support our employees through regular training. Both Sécheron and HaslerRail are ISO/TS 22163 and ISO 9001:2015 certified. Environment, Health & Safety (EHS) Sécheron Hasler Group’s EHS policies are managed from corporate headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland to ensure that all employees at all of our companies and third parties involved in our business adhere to the procedures in place. The goal is to protect people from occupational injuries and illnesses and limit the impact of our business on the environment. Our EHS Management System covers all areas of our business, including R&D, supply chain, manufacturing, packing and shipping, maintenance, and after-sales service. The system is based on the ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 standards and is compliant with all EHS-related laws and regulations in force in the countries in which we operate. Health, safety, and environmental performance are vital to our success. Therefore, we allocate funding and human and material resources to the administration of our EHS Management System.", "Link": "https://www.secheron.com/company/quality-health-safety-environment/"}
{"Company Name": "SEJONG Czech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SEIKO Aerospace, a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We believe the Seiko Holdings Group's corporate social responsibility (CSR) is to contribute to the realization of a sustainable society by basing all our policies and actions on the idea that Seiko should be \"A Company that is Trusted by Society.\" To realize this goal, we are implementing the following initiatives. 1 We will contribute to the creation of an even better society by providing innovative technologies and high-quality products and services. 2 We will always conduct our business in a way that has a positive impact on society, and does not damage the environment, in line with the expectations of our stakeholders. 3 We will comply with all laws, regulations and international norms that are relevant to our business and manage the company in a transparent and fair way, holding an open, honest dialogue with all our stakeholders. CSR Site Editorial Policies Scope of Reporting and Period This site focuses on the activities of Seiko Holdings Corporation and its operating companies* and their overseas subsidiaries in fiscal 2017 (from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018). * Seiko Watch Corporation, Seiko Instruments Inc., Seiko NPC Corporation, Seiko Solutions Inc., Seiko Clock Inc., Wako Co., Ltd. and Seiko Time Systems Inc. Reference Guidelines GRI Sustainability Reporting Guidelines G4, Ministry of the Environment Environmental Reporting Guidelines (Fiscal Year 2012 Version), Environmental Accounting Guidelines (Fiscal Year 2005 Version), Japan Business Federation Charter of Corporate Behavior", "Link": "https://www.seiko.co.jp/en/csr/shd_csr/"}
{"Company Name": "Sekyra Group, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SEMIRAMIS z. ú.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Semperit AG Holding", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Semperit AG Holding Semperit has a clear approach on Sustainability We are committed to sustainable growth and recognise our responsibility to future generations. Sustainability therefore constitutes a fundamental principle underlying Semperit's company strategy. We are fully aware of our obligations towards customers, colleagues, suppliers, shareholders, society and the environment. We use our resources carefully, treat others with respect and consider the consequences of our actions at all times. We have therefore made sustainability a fundamental part of our company strategy and have defined corresponding group-wide stringent benchmarks based on our Code of Conduct. This is expanded by global guidelines and standards relating to five core areas: employees and society, resource management, safety, health and environmental protection, supplier management and sustainable innovation management. These high environmental, health and safety standards apply globally to all our sites encompassing highly industrialised as well as emerging countries. We ensure compliance with these high standards through appropriate management systems, external audits and certifications. Our sustainability policy forms the basis for clear guidelines for a sustainable management of our business and responsible behaviour towards both people and the environment. This enables us to meet or exceed our customers´ expectations on a worldwide basis.", "Link": "https://www.semperitgroup.com/en/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "SENESI, SE", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Seznam.cz, a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SFS Group CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Clear objectives: After identifying the key themes that have a bearing on SFS’s sustainable development, clear objectives and actions have been drawn up. 019: focus increased Sustainable business practices have been part of SFS’s DNA from day one. In order to give a more comprehensive and detailed account of sustainability at SFS and raise our focus on this topic, we are creating a dedicated, stand-alone reporting platform for sustainability. To this end SFS will publish its first, separate sustainability report in late May 2020. Therefore there is no section on sustainability in the 2019 annual report. 2018: improvements achieved Sustainability is a key aspect of SFS’ daily business activities. Continuous dialogue with our partners is the basis of our mutual progress and success. SFS Group intensified its dialogue with its stakeholders during the financial year 2018. Materiality assessment developed Progress was made in the six key themes that were identified within the scope of the materiality assessment. These topics are most crucial to SFS’ sustainable development and are listed below: Customer satisfaction Economic value creation and distribution to stakeholders Occupational health and safety Regular performance and career development reviews Programs for skill management and lifelong learning Training and education Focus on implementation During the year under review, efforts were focused primarily on the improvement of the sustainable performance of the six priority topics and on establishing and further strengthening the pertinent management structures. Our dialogue with all stakeholders will be expanded in 2019 and will ensure that SFS Group’s materiality matrix is continuously updated and improved. UN Global Compact – Communication on Progress SFS continues to remain engaged in other areas as well. For instance, it is a signatory to the UN Global Compact and has upheld the ten principles embodied in this corporate sustainability initiative since 2010. Progress has been made in the following sectors: Human rights Anti-corruption efforts Labor standards Environmental protection Annual Report", "Link": "https://www.sfs.biz/ch/en/sfs-group/substainability/"}
{"Company Name": "SGS Czech Republic, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY (SR) At SGS, integrity is at the forefront of everything we do. Being socially responsible as an organization ourselves enables us to give you the impartial, transparent services that add value to your business, increase your scope and conquer new markets. Aerial view of river The world of business is full of regulatory standards and compliance to protect society, the environment and to promote a sustainable future. Customers and consumers differentiate brands on the basis of social responsibility. To break into new markets and exceed your stakeholders’ expectations, you need to make sure that all aspects of your business are socially responsible, from design stages through to production and delivery. We offer a range of audit, inspection, training and certification services to measure your performance against social responsibility standards and ensure global best practice. Our perspective will enable you to take a socially responsible stance that will help you consider the environmental health of your staff, the global society and our world. We have the largest network of highly skilled and experienced social responsibility experts in the world to give you a clear assessment of your policies and help to take you forward to a socially responsible business future", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SHORTLIST s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Schaeffler Production CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability is deeply rooted in Schaeffler’s DNA and represents one of its four corporate values. Sustainable business success means assuming environmental and social responsibility, in manufacturing, on the product level and within one’s own supply chain. Schaeffler continuously analyzes how stakeholder demands are changing due to megatrends and develops innovative solutions for the demands of the future. We support our customers by providing environmentally friendly and climate friendly products and services. Schaeffler designs its processes regarding energy efficiency, minimal environmental impact and resource saving. The Sustainability Committee has been established as a central decision-making body,consisting of the eight members of the Managing Directors, the four regional CEOs and the functional managers of sustainability-relevant departments. Supported by the preparatory Sustainability Coordination Council, the Sustainability Committee makes central strategic decisions for the sustainable development of the Schaeffler Group and sets non-financial corporate targets. The SEHS department (Sustainability, Environment, Health & Safety) manages the sustainability strategy, defines performance indicators, conducts internal and external sustainability reporting, and supports the dialogue with key stakeholders. The operational implementation of sustainability-related topics is decentralized in various functions, divisions, and regions of the Schaeffler Group.", "Link": "https://www.schaeffler.com/content.schaeffler.com/en/company/sustainability/sustainability.jsp?sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Schaltag CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "SCHENKER spol.s r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Corporate Social Responsibility We balance the economic targets with social and environmental objectives. We share our parent company Deutsche Bahn’s strategy DB2020 pursuing the application of the basic principles of corporate responsibility: balance economic targets with social and environmental objectives of the local territory. Schenker Italiana supports various initiatives of local non-profit organizations, collaborating on projects to support people with disabilities or in status of need and values its employees’ engagement in volunteering activities. In addition to the principles of environmental sustainability, we embrace the idea of equality and respect for diversity; The future of the world and of humanity is in the children who will be the adults of tomorrow and for this we pay a special care for the needs of troubled children, supporting with even greater commitment the projects aimed at minors. Inter Campus and DB Schenker (Proud Partner for logistics) Recently Schenker Italiana has renewed its support to Inter Campus, the social program of FC Internazionale Milano, as logistics partner for the transport and distribution of sportswear kits in the 29 countries where the program is active. The enthusiasm shown by our employees during this first year of activity encourages us to continue in our role as logistics partner: delivering the sportswear kits to thousands of children, a symbol of respect for human values and social commitment, is only a small portion of a great project of solidarity, but we are proud to be part of it.", "Link": "https://www.dbschenker.com/it-en/about/sustainability/social-impact/corporate-social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Schindler CZ, a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Schindler Elevator Corporation is committed to conducting its business activities in harmony with society and the environment. Schindler’s products and services are designed to provide energy efficient and eco-friendly options to architects, contractors, building owners and managers. Contact us To place an equipment service call: 1.800.225.3123 Select from menu below to contact your local office: Being green as a way of life. Schindler supports sustainability across all its practices, products and services. Some of our green initiatives include: LEED Gold certification for our Hanover, PA manufacturing facility Replacing 500 sedans in our fleet with Toyota Prius Two vehicles Upgraded vehicle fleet saves approximately 300,000 gallons of gasoline over the next replacement cycle The latest in green technology for all Schindler products Sustainable practices in Schindler offices and manufacturing facilities Certification to the environmental management system standard ISO 14001:2008 Local material sourcing and \"hub\" distribution to reduce energy and transport emissions Member of U.S Green Building Council. Schindler Sustainability As a leading designer, manufacturer and supplier of elevators, escalators and moving walks, Schindler Elevator Corporation is uniquely positioned to contribute to the sustainability of urban areas. We recognize that the challenges of depleting resources, climate change and a growing world population require innovative solutions. That is why we focus on reducing the energy required by our products, services and operations; supporting urban development that accommodates more people using less land; and making safety, accessibility and respect for all a top priority.", "Link": "https://www.schindler.com/us/internet/en/about-us/sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "Schulmeister CZ, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Schwan Cosmetics CR, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Responsibility Our world, with everything it provides, is our source of life. Protecting the earth for present and future generations and working responsibly with limited resources are both part of the identity of Schwan Cosmetics. Since 1865, environmental protection and social responsibility have been integral parts of Schwan-STABILO group’s belief system: Our responsibility is born out of deep-rooted conviction! Our CSR guidelines We are committed to responsible actions when interacting with our employees and the environment, the market and the community. We anchor this understanding company-wide in the guiding principles of the four fields of action. They serve as a guideline for our continued sustainable path. Market To ensure and sustain our success, we focus on the products and services consistent with the needs of our customers and the requirements of all consumers. The safety of our products and the protection of consumers are our highest priorities. We work to continuously improve our corporate processes to make optimal use of precious resources. We’ve created an effective supply chain that adheres to strict social and environmental standards. Workplace Our goal is to meet the challenges of an ever-changing, fast-moving working environment with healthy, competent and motivated employees. We adhere to a social corporate culture and support our employees with work-life strategies designed to foster harmony between family and career. We actively promote the health and well-being of our employees. We believe in providing a working environment that encourages and rewards workplace safety. Environment Environmental protection is an important part of our corporate values and a criterion throughout our corporate decision-making process. We are committed to the continuous optimization of our use of precious natural resources. We adhere to strict international environmental standards. Community As a successful, global company we’re always aware of what our social responsibility means to the customers we serve. We're actively involved in supporting underprivileged communities, and sponsoring and mentoring children and youths. We're socially committed at all of our corporate locations.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "T-Mobile Czech Republic a.s.", "Number of employees": 3999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "RESPONSIBILITY Let’s take care of each other. It’s all about a future that’s brighter for everyone. We're pitching in to make a positive impact. Getting involved keeps us going. The work begins at home. T-Mobile is changing local communities by investing in digital literacy, career exploration, and social innovation programs for the next generation. SUSTAINABILITY All in for the planet. We’re working to reduce, reuse, and recycle throughout our business operations and at every stage of the product lifecycle. Everyone is welcome here. We celebrate diversity along with our employees and across our amazing customer base. We’ve got our customers’ backs. Our commitment to our customers includes protecting their data and ensuring a safe online experience for all. he Un-carrier Helping Everyone Regreen Our Planet, One Tree at a Time What’s the news T-Mobile, in partnership with The Nature Conservancy, kicks off its 2019 #TreeMobile Campaign, which gives everyone the opportunity to help regreen our planet – one tree at a time. Through #TreeMobile, T-Mobile aims to plant up to 500,000 trees. Why it matters Trees literally feed our planet – they filter clean air, provide fresh drinking water, help curb climate change, create homes for thousands of species of animals – and make our communities beautiful! That’s why T-Mobile wants to help America plant MORE trees -- and #TreeMobile will do just that! Who it’s for Everyone who loves our planet and wants to participate in a movement to plant up to 500,000 trees! Bellevue, Washington — April 16, 2019 — Every day is Earth Day at the Un-carrier. Today, T-Mobile (NASDAQ: TMUS) launches its #TreeMobile Campaign for the second year in a row in partnership with The Nature Conservancy, this year asking people to help them plant up to half a million trees! T-Mobile is going to celebrate for the next three months and give people four fun ways to regreen our planet -- one tree at a time -- during April, May AND June. “T-Mobile is all about magenta but we love green, too – especially when we are talking about our planet! Last year on Earth Day, with your #TreeMobile tweets we planted 27,000 trees but that was just the beginning. This year we are going even bigger!” said John Legere, CEO of T-Mobile. “Your participation in #TreeMobile showed us that you were just as passionate about the environment as we are, so this year we are going to keep the goodness going for three months! Over the next three months we want to you to get out into nature and help us plant up to 500,000 more trees!” Green for the Planet, Green for You (April 16 through April 21) It’s easy being green! Starting today through April 21, watch T-Mobile social channels and head to the T-Mobile Tuesdays app to learn about The Nature Conservancy and play a fun nature-themed scavenger hunt. When you find two or more hidden objects, T-Mobile will make a donation to plant a tree through The Nature Conservancy on your behalf – up to 300,000 trees. Bonus: You’ll be entered for the chance to win a $1000 cash prize just for playing! Want an additional chance at that $1k? Share the game on social after you play - and you’ve got a second entry. Plant a tree and be entered to win cash – see it is easy being green! Get Out Into Nature And we’re not stopping there! We want you to get out into nature this Spring and enjoy our big, beautiful planet! When you do, you can help us with our goal to donate up to 200,000 more trees (on TOP of the 300k mentioned above!) to The Nature Conservancy by June 11, 2019. Here’s how you can join in the fun by getting outdoors: #TreeMobile #Trashtag – Earth Day (April 22 through April 28)* Help clean things up! We love following the #TrashTag movement of people posting pics of themselves cleaning up their local communities and in honor of Earth Day, we want to help this epic movement grow even bigger! Starting April 22 through April 28, post your cleanup pics to Twitter or Instagram with both #TreeMobile and #Trashtag and boom -- T-Mobile will donate a tree to The Nature Conservancy who will plant it on your behalf! #TreeMobile Tree-Huggers – National Love a Tree Day (May 16 through May 22)* May 16th is National Love a Tree Day and we want you to get out there to give your favorite tree a squeeze. Get some fresh air, tell the world how much our trees matter, and plant a tree at the same time! Starting May 16 through May 22 your tweets and ‘grams that include your beau-tree-ful pics plus the #TreeMobile hashtag will help The Nature Conservancy plant new trees, one sapling at a time! #TreeMobile Get Outside – World Environment Day (June 5 through June 11)* And finally, lace up your sneakers on World Environment Day, June 5, and get out, get moving and really enjoy nature! Take some time to truly appreciate our beautiful planet and give back at the same time. Share your pics with the #TreeMobile on Twitter or Instagram anytime between June 5 and June 11 -- and T-Mobile will donate a tree to The Nature Conservancy who will plant one new tree per hashtag! To track updates on the #TreeMobile campaign and check out fun photos of people out in nature, tune into the T-Mobile Newsroom. For more information on the digital scavenger hunt, check the T-Mobile Tuesdays app today through April 21. And to learn more about The Nature Conservancy and its effort to Plant a Billion Trees visit www.nature.org/plantabillion. About T-Mobile Sustainability T-Mobile is ALL IN on sustainability – it’s the right thing to do for our customers, plus it’s smart business. In an industry leading move, T-Mobile made a commitment to RE100 to use 100% renewable energy by 2021 – which includes our Bellevue headquarters, stores, cell towers and call centers. As a result, we expect to cut T-Mobile’s energy costs by around $100 million in the next 15 years. Plus, all of our facilities are actively participating in initiatives and practices to create less waste and conserve energy, and we offer device recycling in every T-Mobile retail store. T-Mobile has been recognized for these industry-leading initiatives by both the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and the Center for Resource Solutions (CRS) at the 2018 Green Power Leadership Awards. Magenta is getting greener every day, and we won’t stop! For more information on our sustainability practices, visit T-Mobile.com/Sustainability. A group of wind turbines in the same location used to produce clean electricity. Energy from a source that is not depleted when used. Renewable energy can come in many forms. The most popular ones are wind, solar, and hydroelectric", "Link": "https://www.t-mobile.com/responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "TA Triumph-Adler Česká republika s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "here are strict legal limiting values concerning emissions of office systems. These values concerning heat, noise and substances such as ozone and dust must be achieved in order for safety approvals and environmental certificates to be awarded. TA Triumph-Adler systems fall within these prescribed limits for all emission types (ozone, dust and TVOC*), often by a considerable margin. TA Triumph-Adler products comply with all the necessary regulated safety standards and regularly achieve environmental certificate status from accredited bodies such as Blue Angel, ENERGY STAR and RoHS. The results of these tests are documented in detail in the respective environment data sheets for the individual systems and can be viewed/downloaded here. In addition to the positive emission values, the low noise level of our products leads to a pleasant work climate. Our systems are equipped with \"stand-by\" or \"sleep\" mode that eliminates noise almost completely while at rest, and many models now include “quiet mode” which reduces noise considerably during operation. Overall, TA Triumph-Adler ensures a comfortable and productive work environment whilst also protecting the global environment. HomeSitemapPrintContactLegal notice Search for... Environment Emissions / Noise level Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) General information Toner - Safety Toner-Waste Disposal Energy/Power Consumption Paper REACH Environment brochure Products & Accessories Software & Solutions Downloads About TA Triumph-Adler Contact Referrals Press Certificates & Awards Website Privacy Policy & Terms of Use UTAX / TA Triumph-Adler Brexit Statement Energy/Power Consumption The energy consumption of electrical appliances is one important factor concerning their ecological efficiency. In recent years, considerable progress has been made regarding the minimisation of the energy consumption of multifunction copiers and printers. This is vital for the protection of our natural resources. In 1992 the US Office for Environmental Protection started the Energy Star® programme. In 2003 this programme was officially ratified in the European Union. It covers standards regarding energy consumption of systems in the so-called stand-by mode. Since July 2009 revised and more stringent requirements have applied, only systems that fulfil these standards can bear the \"Energy Star\" mark. All our products (post 2003) carry the Energy Star symbol indicating particularly low energy consumption when not in active use. Power consumption – ERP The European Directive ErP 2009/125/EC dates of 21st October 2009. It repeals the previous Directive 2005/32/EC: EuP and is intended to improve the energy efficiency of all energy related products (ErP). To improve energy efficiency and environmental protection, the ErP Directive which, as part of CE marking applies to products that affect energy consumption throughout their life cycle, from manufacture, use, and until their end of life. This directive encourages manufacturers to offer products designed to reduce their overall impact on the environment, including the resources consumed during manufacture and disposal. As a toner manufacturer under the UK WEEE Regulations, TA Triumph-Adler UK/ UTAX (UK) Ltd complies with its Producer Obligations and operate a ‘take back and recycle’ scheme for used toner cartridges, containing an electronic chip and placed on the market by TA Triumph-Adler UK/ UTAX (UK) LTD after 13th Aug 2005. Used toner cartridges will be disposed of responsibly, without going into landfill, and as many components as possible recycled into re-useable materials. To request disposal of genuine TA Triumph-Adler used toner cartridges (purchased in the UK after 13th August 2005) click here. Please note – only those toner containers that include an electronic chip device or display the “crossed out wheelie bin” symbol are eligible to be recycled under our WEEE scheme. For a list of toner container models that do not contain an electronic chip, click here. If you are a TA Triumph-Adler customer you can now purchase a 'Used Toner Recycling Box' - offering you an easy and efficient way in which to recycle your old TA Triumph-Adler used toner cartridges and waste toner tanks. These boxes carry a charge of £23.07 which includes the return postage cost once full. The EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive requires all Member EU countries to maximise the separate collection, reuse and recycling of WEEE. The UK WEEE Regulations (derived from this Directive) applies to all Electrical and Electronic Equipment (EEE) placed on the market in the UK covered by the scope of these Regulations. The latest version of the directive (The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Regulations 2013) became UK law on the 1st of January 2014 and affirms the responsibility for the environmentally friendly disposal of WEEE on the manufactures of such equipment. Under the UK WEEE Regulations, “Producers” are required to mark all relevant EEE with a “crossed-out wheelie bin” symbol to remind consumers not to discard WEEE in the domestic waste stream. TA Triumph-Adler encourages all of its customers to be aware of this symbol and avoid putting any WEEE in your domestic waste bin(s) or container(s). TA Triumph-Adler supports the reuse and recycling of WEEE as there are several environmental benefits of doing so, such as: reduction of raw material and energy usage, prevention of waste to landfill and prevention of hazardous and/or toxic materials present in some WEEE contaminating the environment. As a Producer under the UK WEEE Regulations, UTAX (UK) Ltd complies with its Producer Obligations by being registered as a Member of the WeeeCare Compliance Scheme and obtaining the WEEE Producer Registration Number – WEE/GE0003ZR. UTAX / TA Triumph-Adler operate a ‘take back and recycle’ scheme where obligated waste i.e. electrical equipment falling within scope of the WEEE Regulations 2013, placed on the market by TA Triumph-Adler after 13th Aug 2005 and reaching the end of its life, can be returned to us for disposal. Our copiers, printers, multifunctional devices and used toner cartridges will be disposed of responsibly, without going into landfill, and as many components as possible recycled into re-useable materials.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Tabella s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Taiko, a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "TAIKO KIKAI INDUSTRIES was founded in 1956 as the first business invited to the town of Tabuse, and everyone anticipated its contributions to the community through job creation. Thus, the company’s start was planned for fulfilling corporate social responsibility (CSR) in the area from the beginning. Over the subsequent 60 years, TAIKO has lived up to those responsibilities. In FY2015, the 60th year since its foundation, the company initiated its Business Continuity Plan (BCP) to define optimal damage-control measures for responding to large-scale disasters. With this plan, TAIKO will continue to carry out its social responsibilities as a company growing hand-in-hand with the global community. Contributions to society For TAIKO, preserving the earth’s environment is a critical mission. We produce water-treatment blowers, oxidizing blowers for flue gas desulfurization, single-screw pumps for sewage and sludge transfer, as well as sewage-treatment devices and bilge separators that help prevent pollution of the oceans. In addition to products used in environmental conservation, we have actively promoted, since 2013, use of renewable resources by selling electricity to grids through solar-power generation and developing and marketing small-scale hydroelectric power-generation equipment. As part of TAIKO’s support activities for succeeding generations, we hold such events as a work-study program for junior high students and factory tours for high school students. Moreover, on July 31, 2015, we hosted 280 children from 19 countries who were participating in the 23rd World Scout Jamboree held in Yamaguchi prefecture. Starting in 2013, we have hosted the “TAIKO Baseball Clinic” every year for youth baseball teams from the town of Tabuse and our employee’s children, inviting professional players from the Hiroshima Toyo Carp (NPB) to join. Three social-contribution vending machines operated by the Nippon Foundation are installed as part of our fundraising activities. Each time one drink is purchased from these vending machines, a donation of 10 yen is made. In 2012, we initiated “Retina Fund,” and in 2014, started a project involving the donation of used postage stamps. At the request of Tabuse, TAIKO is also cooperating with blood donation drives conducted at our factory. This activity has been undertaken for more than 40 years and will continue into the foreseeable future. In September 2019, Typhoon Faxai struck Kanto distrect and caused extensive damage mainly in Chiba Prefecture. We provided 60 units of \"JDK-40\" and \"JDK-60\" electromagnetic drive diaphragm blowers to Chiba Prefectural Environmental Preservation Center which have exercise over to septic tank maintenance and cleaning companies. TAIKO Kikai Industry hopes to support many victims and restore their living environment quickly. Legal compliance TAIKO assesses and reduces its energy consumption based on the “Energy Conservation Act: Act on the Rational Use of Energy,” assesses and reduces CO2 emissions based on the “Global Warming Law: Act on Promotion of Global Warming Countermeasures,” reduces chemical waste releases based on the “Pollutant Release and Transfer Register Law: Ordinance for Enforcement of the Act on Confirmation, etc. of Release Amounts of Specific Chemical Substances in the Environment and Promotion of Improvements to the Management Thereof,” and reduces industrial waste disposal as well as increases recycle rates based on the “Disposal and Cleaning Law: Waste Management and Public Cleansing Actup.” In accordance with each law, we notify prefectural and national governments regarding amounts of use and other such relevant information. In addition, to comply with the “Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law: Foreign Exchange and Trade Act,” we have become well versed in the area of secure export and trade management. TAIKO complies with the “Labor Standards Act” and the “Industrial Safety and Health Act,” conducting thorough safety and hygiene management to prevent work accidents and diseases beforehand. We also take countermeasures to manage risk by promoting workplace patrols and risk assessment techniques centered on the Central Health and Safety Commission, which focuses on attaining workplace safety, heightening safety management, promoting traffic safety and self-management of health, as well as establishing an open and positive workplace environment.", "Link": "https://www.taiko-kk.com/en/company/csr.html"}
{"Company Name": "TAJMAC-ZPS, a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Takko Fashion s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY In order to meet our own high standards when it comes to working conditions and social responsibility, we have developed a binding Code of Conduct for working with our producers and vendors. Since 2011 we have also been a member of the Fair Wear Foundation, an independent non-profit organisation committed to improving workplace conditions in the clothing and textile industry. We have also been actively involved with the Partnership for Sustainable Textiles since 2015 . This multi-stakeholder initiative consolidates the power and expertise of its members to achieve social, ecological and economic improvements in textile supply chains. Logo of the Fair Wear Foundation FAIR WEAR FOUNDATION The Fair Wear Foundation is a non-profit organisation committed to improving working conditions in the clothing, textile and footwear industry. The organisation was founded in 1999 and is active in numerous production countries in Asia, Africa and Europe. By exchanging expertise, creating networks and starting a social dialogue within the industry, the FWF helps its member companies construct efficient and sustainable production systems. The FWF and its members are fully committed to verify and improve workplace conditions for garment workers. Therefore the Fair Wear Foundation sent a detailed letter to the Government of the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The letter was sent by the FWF on behalf of all its members – including Takko Fashion. You can find the letter here. CODE OF CONDUCT Our Code of Conduct regulates the fair treatment of workers in the production countries, and formulates standards for good workplace conditions in the production facilities. The stipulations of the Code of Conduct are based on the International Labour Organisation (ILO) Agreement and the applicable standards of the United Nations. We want to gradually improve the working conditions of the producers' and vendors' employees. That is why we regularly conduct our own as well as external audits in the factories, some of which are unannounced. These audits allow us to monitor progress within the factories. Furthermore, we offer and pay for a Workers Education Programme for employees at the production facilities so that the workers have the opportunity to partake in these training sessions. This makes it possible for them to work with us in improving working conditions. Further information regarding this topic can be found in our current Sourcing Report as well as in the Brand Performance Check by the Fair Wear Foundation.", "Link": "https://company.takko.com/en-gb/company/responsibility/social-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "Talentica s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Talentinno s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Talentor Advanced Search", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TATRA TRUCKS a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Tawesco s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TDK Electronics s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Responsibility to Society Commitment to sustainability A global presence and cultural diversity shape TDK Electronics and its business activities. We have employees, customers and partners in many countries of the world. Together, they make up a network characterized by the exchange of goods, services and knowledge, by intercultural cooperation and opportunities for individual advancement. At the same time, this network is engaged in permanent dialog with society. We thus gain new ideas and insight while arousing sympathy for, and creating confidence in, our company and its business policy. We maintain close contact with educational institutions around the world. Our experts cooperate in basic research with renowned universities and institutes. Wherever we do business, we see ourselves as a full member of local society, as a good corporate citizen that actively contributes to the community and its environment. We bear special responsibility toward our employees, whose drive and creativity we promote and whose safety, health and continuing education are matters of prime concern to us. Our regional companies are an integral part of the national economies that they serve. We also see ourselves as a good neighbor in the literal sense, purchasing goods and services locally, providing well-paid jobs by local standards, and paying local taxes. By buying local goods and services, we promote an efficient subcontracting and supply industry. Our local operations thus create extra jobs indirectly. Our conviction that corporate responsibility involves a commitment to society and permanent protection of the environment is documented in the TDK Code of Conduct. To do justice to the diversity of cultures, values and moral precepts that we encounter, we base our conduct on high ethical standards. Our corporate culture and interpersonal relations within the company, with our customers and business associates are molded by values such as decency, loyalty, tolerance, and respect for local customs and the law. Each and every employee shares responsibility for TDK Electronics’ image and for honoring our commitment to society. TDK Electronics is an active participant in the Global Compact initiative launched by the United Nations and also recognizes the Code of Conduct drawn up by ZVEI, the German Electrical and Electronics Manufacturers' Association.", "Link": "https://www.tdk-electronics.tdk.com/en/180336/company/corporate-social-responsibility/responsibility-to-society"}
{"Company Name": "TE connectivity", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Core to TE’s purpose is creating a sustainable future — through our products and how we make them. We co-create with our customers in industrial, transportation and communications applications like renewable energy and electric vehicles, while finding smarter solutions to reduce energy, water and waste in our own production. TE Connectivity is committed to compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws and to protection of our employees and the environment. In order to maintain compliance and continuously improve our performance, the following policy will guide our environmental, health and safety initiatives and actions. TE Connectivity is committed to:  Operating our facilities around the world in a manner that protects our employees, public health and the environment;  Complying with all applicable laws and regulations at every location where we operate and applying our own more stringent standards and policies wherever necessary to protect our employees and the environment;  Seeking to continuously improve our environmental and safety performance;  Designing our products and processes in a manner that minimizes risks from the manufacture, use and disposal of our products;  Reducing or eliminating the presence of lead and other hazardous materials from our products in accordance with legal requirements and customer demands;  Seeking to conserve energy, water and raw materials and to reduce waste and emissions;  Being a good neighbor in the communities where we operate. We will meet these commitments by:  Establishing environmental and safety goals and regularly measuring our performance against those goals;  Making operations leaders and staff responsible for environmental and safety compliance and performance;  Providing managers, supervisors and employees with the education and training they need to understand their environmental and safety responsibilities; and  Communicating openly with our employees, neighbors, governments and other interested parties regarding environmental and safety issues Our precision engineered access and delivery devices are helping to revolutionize medical technology, improving patient outcomes and making the world safer. This means exemplary workplace safety in our operations; stewardship and compliance in the products we make; and vigilance with data privacy and security. 80% of manufacturing sites completed the year with one recordable injury/illness or less -61% Reduction in the number of recordable injuries/illnesses on an absolute basis since", "Link": "https://www.te.com/usa-en/about-te/corporate-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "Team corporation s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Teamconsult CR s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "Teamconsult’s social engagement is based on the beliefs of its management and employees. Teamconsult has been participating in various projects in the social sector for many years. Examples of projects from previous years: Dead Sea Project The Managing Partner of Teamconsult organized on the basis of personal experience in his own family a project which involved a 4-week stay of 24 Czech children with skin diseases accompanied by 8 other people (parents, teachers, doctors) at the Dead Sea in Israel, where they were in the care of a German medical centre. Reception Centre in Kladno For more than 10 years, we have been collecting gifts several times a year, which are then handed over to the Reception Centre in Kladno. These gifts are available to women and children who temporarily stay in the centre. Czechoslovak Rehabilitation Society of Dr. Vojta Teamconsult has been supporting the Vojta Society for many years through donations to finance its activities. Vojta Society preserves the medical heritage of prof. MUDr. Václav Vojta, who developed a very successful method for the treatment of movement disorders.", "Link": "https://www.teamconsult.cz/spolecenska-odpovednost-firem-csr/"}
{"Company Name": "Teleperformance Česká republika", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "CSR Vision We believe in a simple solution to achieve our goals: happy employees make happy customers, which, in turn makes happy clients and happy shareholders. Our unique focus on people is part of Teleperformance’s DNA. This cornerstone of our strategy is the reason why we take social responsibility so seriously. Our employees are key to our success, and the Group is committed to being an employer of choice in our market, with dedicated programs spanning employee engagement, well-being, diversity and inclusion, human rights, training and development, as well as health and safety. As a large global employer with 300,000 employees in 80 countries, we are active participants in helping create jobs around the world through actions that include the Global Impact Sourcing Initiative. If you have any questions about our corporate social responsibility activities, or suggestions about how to improve or other concerns, please contact us at csr@teleperformance.com Read Teleperformance’s Integrated Report to know more about our long-term value creation model and our CSR roadmap Read the Teleperformance Vigilance Plan to learn more about how we identify and prevent risks associated with human rights, health and safety, and the environment. Image (1) Our unique focus on people is part of TP’s DNA We have launched two corporate initiatives, Citizen of the World (COTW) in 2006 and Citizen of the Planet (COTP) in 2008, which seek to help the less fortunate and protect our environment. Our employees, supported by management, take part in volunteer activities and donate goods and money to support these causes. At a global level, we have pledged our commitment to make the world a better place. We are a signatory of the United Nations Global Compact, and have developed codes and policies in line with the ten principles associated with it.", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Tesco Stores ČR a.s.", "Number of employees": 10000, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our Business Tesco operates stores in twelve countries – the UK, Republic of Ireland, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Turkey, Thailand, South Korea, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Japan. Our core purpose is to create value for customers to earn their lifetime loyalty. CR has an important role to play in achieving this. Our strategy focuses on 4 areas Strong UK core business: The UK remains our core market with 1,878 stores. Our strategy of providing customers with exceptional value and choice continues to drive our growth. Non-Food: Ournon-food business is becoming more popularwith customers as it grows, both in the UKand in our international operations. Retailing Services: As customer lifestyles change we continue to provide new products and services, including Tesco.com, Tesco Personal Finance and Tesco Telecoms. International: We now operate 440 stores in 11 international markets. We employ 326,000 people world-wide, working in 2,318 stores, with total sales of £33.6 billion. We never underestimate the potential impact of our business on society. We firmly believe that we can be a force for good. We can do this by looking after our people, promoting healthy living, supporting education, getting involved in the community, advancing inclusivity and managing our supply chain. LOOKING AFTER OUR PEOPLE Looking after our people so that they can look after our customers is a central part of our Values. We are committed to providing marketleading working conditions for all our staff, and we encourage our suppliers to do the same. Sharing Success Our people are our most important asset, and a key objective across the business is to ‘select and retain the best’. We offer our staff an attractive benefits package, including wages that are amongst the best for store staff, flexible hours and leave, profit sharing, free uniform, subsidised meals, childcare vouchers and a pension. Through our Privilege Card scheme, all staff with over 12 months’ service receive a 10% discount on their shopping at Tesco. They are also able to take advantage of discounts at Tesco.com, on our financial products and other products including holidays, gym membership, childcare vouchers and health cover. Staff also receive a Benefits Book annually to explain all the benefits they can take advantage of and a personal Benefits Report summarising their total package. In addition, we have recently introduced a new benefits website, as another easy way for staff to find out full details of benefits available to them. Pensions We provide an award-winning defined-benefit pension scheme which now has 127,000 members. Unlike other companies who have moved to money purchase schemes, the Tesco scheme is based on career average earnings. One of the great advantages of the career average approach, compared to a final salary scheme, is that if staff want to reduce their hours as they approach retirement, they can do so without making a big difference to the final pension they receive. As the employer of choice for the over-55s, this is considered one of the major benefits Tesco offers. We contribute 10.5% of pensionable pay, and 56% of our staff are covered by the company pension scheme. Training and Development We are committed to developing our people to bring out the best in everyone, and estimate that we spend around £23 million each year on training. All of our staff have access to training programmes and a personal development plan, with six-monthly reviews, to ensure that they have the right skills to do their job. Through our Talent Spotting programme, every employee has a career discussion with their line manager to plan their career at Tesco. Their details are then put in a talent pool to help individuals to make the most of opportunities available to them. In 2003 we launched the Living Service training programme after research revealed that, although service at stores was good, we wanted it to be even better. To help improve the workplace atmosphere, Living Service was set up in-store to train the whole Tesco team in new skills. The main message from the programme is that our attitude is 1984, Healthy Living range introduced Treating people how we like to be treated. 7626_Astound 12/6/04 12:15 pm Page 21 In 2003, 300,000 women, including 12,500 members of our staff took part in Race for Life to help raise £17.5 million. what makes the difference between good and great service. The three Living Service expressions – Know Your Stuff, Show You Care, and Share a Smile were created by staff to show what Living the Values looked like. Our commitment to training and development is also one of our greatest contributions to the international markets in which we operate. For example, in Thailand, we have invested more than 7.5 billion baht in employee remuneration and training during the expansion of our workforce from 5,500 in 1998 to 17,300 today. Because only 16 of these employees are international expatriates, we are building skills primarily in the local workforce. Our policy of internal promotions wherever possible means that as the network of stores expands, staff already working with the company are offered first option to return to new stores in their home communities so they can be close to their families. Human Rights Last year we introduced a Human Rights Policy, which addresses employment conditions including wages, hours, freedom of association, health & safety, discrimination, child labour and security. Over the past year the policy has been rolled out across both our UK and international businesses. The Chief Executive of each national business is responsible for the implementation of the policy. We support the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organisation’s Core Conventions. A full version of our Human Rights Policy can be found at www.tesco.com/everylittlehelps We support the right of all our employees to join a trade union; around half our UK employees are currently members of a union. Since 1998 we have had a pioneering partnership agreement with Usdaw, which has become a model for employer-union relationships in the UK. Staff Forums are held in all stores three times a year. This year, in addition to our established Grievance Procedures, we have launched a new confidential Protector Line for our staff to call if they have concerns about whether something at work is legal or in the public interest. This should help us be more aware of possible problems such as theft, dishonesty and practices that endanger our staff, customers or the environment, so that we can take any appropriate action. Health & Safety We are committed to providing a working environment and a shopping experience which protects the health and safety of our people, our customers and our visitors as far as is reasonably practicable. We meet this commitment through a comprehensive risk management process that ensures the ongoing identification and minimisation of occupational health & safety risks across the business. Effective control measures have been developed and incorporated into our operational procedures including investment in training for all staff. We constantly monitor and review our performance and seek feedback from our people. Every store measures health & safety performance and reports on this to their employees, as well as to management. Our aim is to eliminate preventable accidents and ill health associated with our work and premises, and to reduce the rate of reportable accidents as the business grows. In 2002 we launched our Health and Safety Step change programme to further improve standards of health and safety across the business. 2003/4 has seen significant progress on this programme including: • the re-launch of our staff health and safety consultation forums at all stores; • the introduction of improved health and safety management training for our store managers and senior team, again across all stores; • completion of three safety campaigns covering our commonest hazards in-store. are shown below. Report Scope This report covers the financial year ending 28 February 2004. It focuses primarily on our UK operations, which account for over 80% of Tesco’s sales and profits. At the core of our approach to CR lie the Tesco Values (see page 2). They are accompanied by key policies such as our group Human Rights policy, Ethical Trading programme and Code of Ethics, which apply across all our businesses. We believe in a local rather than global approach to decisionmaking, and do not impose a top-down set of rigid CR policies. Instead we promote best practice which maintains our Values while taking into account differences in culture, operating conditions and priorities around the world. We have a rolling programme to develop CR in our international businesses. All corporate responsibility performance data in this report covers our UK operations, and environmental data is for our stores only. Feedback We take pride in listening carefully to our stakeholders and welcome feedback that can help us to improve our performance. If you would like to make any comments on this Review and on Tesco’s corporate responsibility performance, please email csr.team@uk.tesco.com, or write to the Corporate Responsibility Department, Tesco, Tesco House, PO Box 44, Delamare Road, Cheshunt, Herts, EN8 9SL. No-one tries harder for customers • Understand customers better than anyone • Be energetic, innovative and be first for customers • Use our strengths to deliver unbeatable value to our customers • Look after our people so they can look after our customers Treat people how we like to be treated • All retailers, there’s one team... the Tesco Team • Trust and respect each other • Strive to do our very best • Give support to each other and praise more than criticise • Ask more than tell and share knowledge so that it can be used • Enjoy work, celebrate success and learn from experience CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to high standards of corporate governance. Our approach to corporate governance and management of non-financial risk is explained in detail on page 10 of the 2004 Annual Review, which can be found at www.tesco.com/corporateinfo The Board considers corporate responsibility an integral part of the overall corporate governance framework, and therefore it is fully integrated into existing management structures and systems. In addition, the Board considers financial and non-financial opportunities at the annual two-day Board Conference. Accountabilities for managing operational risks are clearly assigned to line management. Formal risk assessments are carried out routinely through the UK and international businesses. Procedures exist to ensure that significant risks and control failures are escalated to senior management and the Board, as necessary. This year we created the position of dedicated Corporate Governance Manager, who is also the main point of contact for Socially Responsible Investors. THE STEERING WHEEL If we are to meet our objectives, the Tesco team needs to work together. Because we need to focus on every aspect of what Tesco does, we use a management tool we call the Steering Wheel to bring together our work in all areas and measure our performance. It helps us manage Tesco in a balanced way, by covering everything we do, and allows us to plan for the future by setting targets for years to come. The Steering Wheel literally guides us through our daily running of the company, while allowing us to change to meet customers’ demands. The Steering Wheel is divided into four parts – Customer, Operations, People and Finance – each of which is divided into segments. Our CR Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) (reported on page 36 of this Review) are measured and reported within the Responsible & Safe segment of the Operations Quadrant. This means that, rather than having a separate bolt-on corporate responsibility system, the management of corporate responsibility issues is embedded in the day-to-day running of the company. Every store also has its own individual Steering Wheel, which is linked to every person’s objectives, relating strategy to day-to-day work. Our international businesses, which operate locally, also have their own Steering Wheels. Each segment is driven and monitored by KPIs, which set demanding but achievable targets for the business, and are backed by a sound business case quantifying the benefits. Where KPIs are not on track, the Steering Wheel Group puts in place action plans. Performance is reported quarterly to the Board, and a summary report is sent to the top 2,000 managers in the company to cascade on to staff. The remuneration of senior management is shaped by the KPIs, with bonuses based on a sliding scale according to the level of achievement on the Corporate Steering Wheel. We use one or all of the following criteria to choose our KPIs: • customer priorities, for example, our KPIs on recycling, local sourcing, organics and the Computers for Schools scheme reflect our customers’ concerns; • staff priorities, for example our KPIs on training and charitable giving; CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE Leadership on corporate responsibility is provided by a cross functional Committee of senior executives. This CR Committee meets a minimum of four times a year. It is also responsible for overseeing the implementation of our raft of corporate responsibility policies, including our policies on Human Rights, Ethical Trading and the Environment. Over the past year we have increased the seniority of the Committee, which now reports to the Board after each meeting. COMMUNICATION This annual Corporate Responsibility Review is our main method of communicating our policies and performance in this area, and is available on our website, www.tesco.com/everylittlehelps, as well as in hard copy. Our website contains further detailed information not included in this report, for example the full text of our various corporate responsibility policies, in-depth information on specific topics frequently raised by our customers, and case studies. It is updated every three months to contain the latest news. We will continue to participate in the Business in the Community Corporate Responsibility and Environment and FTSE4Good surveys, in order to further communicate our performance on CR. We are committed to listening to our stakeholders and acting on what they tell us. CUSTOMERS One of our Values is to understand customers better than anyone. We go to great lengths to ask customers what they think, listen to their views, and then act on them. We look both at what customers say and what they do. This feedback guides the decisions we take. Customer Question Time An important tool to help us understand our customers is Customer Question Time (CQT). A CQT is a forum where store and head office representatives listen to customers’ views on everything from product range and price to quality, service, our role in the community, and the Tesco brand. Last year, we held CQTs in 177 locations throughout the UK, speaking to over 9,000 customers and 2,000 members of staff. We believe this is the largest exercise of its kind in the UK. We use CQTs as a tool for understanding customers in all our stores around the world. This research has identified five factors which are most important to our customers: To help us meet these and other customer expectations, we develop an annual customer plan. This directly targets improving performance in the areas identified by our customers, and improving customer loyalty. Public Attitudes to Corporate Responsibility In the summer of 2003 we commissioned an independent survey of public attitudes to corporate responsibility and to Tesco. Over 2,000 interviews were carried out among the general public, MPs, City investors and the business press. Headline findings were that: • 70% believed that industry and commerce do not pay enough attention to their social responsibilities; • Tesco was the most frequently named company when respondees were asked to name a particularly socially, environmentally or ethically responsible company (unprompted); • Tesco was the fourth most frequently mentioned company when respondees were asked which companies should take their responsibilities more seriously; • the three most commonly mentioned examples ofTesco’s responsibility were the Computers for Schools scheme, our support of education and our support for communities/charity; • the three top responsibility issues for supermarkets as a sector were recycling, unemployment and re-training schemes, and help for people with disabilities; • the five top ways in which Tesco could take its responsibilities more seriously were to improve customer service, tackle environmental issues, reduce prices, stock local produce and support the community. We are pleased with the high level of recognition of some of our CR activities. But there is no room for complacency, and we will be focusing our corporate responsibility efforts over the coming year on areas highlighted by the survey", "Link": "https://www.tescoplc.com/media/475739/corporate-responsibility-update_nov-2016-final.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "TESCOMA s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TETA drogerie (Solvent ČR s.r.o.)", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Tereos TTD, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Tereos TTD is fully aware of its responsibility as the largest employer in Dobrovice and is not indifferent to the cultural and sports life in the region. Therefore, the company not only financially supports a number of associations and organizations operating in Dobrovicko. The company participated in the reconstruction of the historical premises of the former farmyard, where the unique Museum of Sugar Industry, Distillery, Beet-Growing and the Town of Dobrovice were established. Last but not least, the company also provided personnel and financial assistance in the renovation and reconstruction of the voluntary swimming pool. Activities Sponsored by: Association ball of Dobrovice Dobra More civic association (family center) A checkpoint of the town of Dobrovice Choir Dobrovan Dobrovít civic association Church Sycina civic association Czech Red Cross Regional Hospital Ml. Boleslav - children's home Tennis club, hockey club, football club Dobrovice Orkestra Brass Dobrovanka United organization of blind and partially sighted Czech Republic Dobruvka Civic Association", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TEREZIA COMPANY s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TERMONTA PRAHA a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TES VSETÍN s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "he TES Code of Ethics sets out the basic principles and rules of behaviour and conduct within the company and towards customers and all other partners. With our Code of Ethics, the company is fully committed to compliance with the rules and procedures defined below. The Code of Ethics is not legally binding, however, its content and intent complements a wide range of statutory and legal regulations to which we adhere. Compliance with the law and standards In all areas of our business we respect the applicable laws, regulations and similar rules of business. Customers and suppliers We act professionally. We conduct our business in a manner that is consistent with the law and ethical standards. We expect the same from our business partners and suppliers. We respect previously established decisions that are always in compliance with the applicable laws, standards and regulations, as well as with the negotiated terms and conditions of business and general standards of business etiquette. We promote open communication. We readily provide all available information in a responsible, earnest, true and timely manner. Quality, safety and environmental protection The quality of our products, the level of service we provide and our consistent compliance are the most valuable benefits our customers can expect from conducting business with us. We adamantly adhere to the principles of safety and risk prevention. We actively apply the principles of environmental protection. Employees We respect the principles of teamwork. We pursue a common goal; we work together and we trust each other. We promote good interpersonal relationships, including vertical relationships within the hierachies in our team. We support professional growth and fair rewards for all employees. We always and under all circumstances protect company interests. We protect the confidentiality of all information we have obtained in the course of business and also in our private lives. We will never misuse confidential information for our own benefit or the benefit of third parties, both during and after the termination of our employment. Confidential information includes all information in any form to which we gain access during employment with the company, directly or indirectly. We have a positive mindset and we see problems as challenges. Employees are responsible for themselves and for their company, which they represent in their work, conduct and behaviour. Shareholders We act openly and honestly. We provide all information that is considered relevant or useful to our shareholders and partners including financial, performance, ownership and company management details. Scope of the management system The organizational structure of the company’s management is defined with regard to long-term growth, stability and development of human potential. The management system is applied to all the activities, products and services that the organization provides to its employees and persons working for it or through its mandate within the identified processes. The management system is implemented to all environmental aspects and impacts of company’s activities and services. The system is introduced throughout the company, except for the premises for rent, where the kitchen operation falls with its contractual terms. The management system includes activities in the design, development and manufacturing of rotary electric machines, manufacturing of die-cutting tools and machine parts, including related welding process management according to certified standards (see below). Development, production, sale and servicing of switchboards with control systems for lift technology, electric drives, technological lines and test stands. Development, production and service of single-purpose machines. Production according to the documentation provided. The organization is also responsible for managing outsourced processes.", "Link": "https://www.tes.cz/en/visions-values-ethical-codex/"}
{"Company Name": "Teva", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Health Care", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Teva is committed to making a positive impact for healthier communities How we maintain business integrity and protect the environment and our employees. At Teva, a responsible business is one that enacts and enforces strong practices and controls to ensure all activities are carried out ethically. As a global company that influences the health and safety of millions of people, we recognize our responsibility to conduct our business with integrity. We lead a responsible business by promoting compliance, ethics and transparency, protecting the environment, improving sustainability across our supply chain, ensuring patient safety and engaging and supporting our people. Compliance, Ethics and Transparency Compliance, Ethics and Transparency Our 360-degree approach to compliance fosters a culture of ethics and honesty. Environmental Sustainability Environmental Sustainability As the leading supplier of generic medicines and with 70 manufacturing facilities around the world, it is our responsibility to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and requirements designed to protect the environment. Supply Chain Supply Chain We expect the highest ethical standards throughout our supply chain, as suppliers play an integral role in ensuring we provide quality medicines to patients every day. Patient Safety Patient Safety Teva has a comprehensive, transparent and uncompromising approach to medicine quality and safety. Our People Our People It is our responsibility to invest in our employees’ well-being and success and provide an enriching, rewarding work environment For Teva, a healthy community is one in which individuals have access to resources and conditions that enable them to live their healthiest lives. We strive to nurture healthy communities around the world, through our portfolio and beyond – putting patients at the heart of everything we do. We contribute to healthy communities by increasing access to treatments, driving science and innovation, engaging patients, caregivers and healthcare professionals, and advancing global health priorities. Access and Affordability Access and Affordability As a leading supplier of generic medicines, we are committed to creating quality, affordable medicines for more people around the world. Science and Innovation Science and Innovation We work to develop, personalize, and improve specialty treatments as well as enhance research and development efforts for specialty biologics and biosimilars. Patient Engagement Patient Engagement We support patients, caregivers, and healthcare professionals by educating them, raising awareness of their conditions, and creating resources and tools to promote health. Global Health Priorities Global Health Priorities We apply our expertise and resources to understanding and tackling growing global health problems, such as non-communicable diseases (NCDs) and antimicrobial resistance.", "Link": "https://www.tevapharm.com/our-impact/"}
{"Company Name": "TG Community", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Thermo Fisher Scientific", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Thermo Fisher Scientific is the world leader in serving science and with that position comes a great sense of responsibility to the global community. We realize we have the ability to make a significant positive impact on society in many different ways. The products and services we provide to our customers help them tackle some of the world’s greatest challenges. We also contribute by operating responsibly and by giving back to the communities in which we live and work. Learn more about our initiatives in our 2018 Corporate Social Responsibility Report and through our 4 pillars below. Operational Integrity Operational Integrity Ensuring proper practices and ethics throughout our business and relationships Colleagues Colleagues Providing support and embracing unique perspectives to help our colleagues reach their full potential as one global team. Communities Communities Making a difference in communities worldwide with emphasis on promoting STEM education Environment Environment Innovating to serve our customers while consciously minimizing our impact on the environment Aproach1 Our Approach Reflecting our commitment to humanity, our stakeholders and to environmental, social and governance issues, we focus our CSR approach in four key pillars that are aligned with our business model, strategy and values. Learn more Our Mission Our Mission is to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We do this by helping our customers accelerate life sciences research, solve complex analytical challenges, improve patient diagnostics, deliver medicines to market and increase laboratory productivity.", "Link": "https://www.thermofisher.com/cz/en/home/about-us/corporate-social-responsibility.html"}
{"Company Name": "THL - Luna, a.s.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Tieto Czech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Greenhouse gas emissions We are continuously examining ways to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions of our activities. Emissions are mainly generated indirectly by energy consumption in data centres and offices as well as by employee travel. Our aim is to minimise our environmental impact along our value chain. To support this, we have environmental targets focusing on increasing energy efficiency in our offices and data centre, but also reducing the CO2 impact of our business travel. Our overall goal is to reduce the global CO2 emissions of our indirect energy consumption by 50 percent by 2020. In 2017 our indirect market-based CO2 emissions from energy consumption decreased by 44 percent. Here you can find more information about our environmental impact here. Sustainable IT solutions Our biggest opportunity to reduce our emissions is through innovative IT solutions and services. According to the Global eSustainability Initiative Smarter 2030 report, the ICT sector can enable a 20 percent reduction of global CO2e (CO2 equivalent) emissions by 2030. And we are certain that we can play an important role in reaching these levels – improving customers’ sustainability as well as benefits society at large. Digital finance, insurance, trade and accounting solutions all have similar types of environmental and societal benefits. When manual processes are digitalised, efficiency is improved and travel is reduced. At the same time, transparency improves as services like electronic invoicing eliminate grey economy. Consumers are able to make more informed decisions and the availability of service are improved. Another area where digital solutions have opened new opportunities are within health care. Digital solutions and tools that we deliver are improving everyday life for individuals living at home, through solutions such as digital supervision, positioning alarms and cognitive aids that remind them to take their medication at the right time. More information about our sustainable IT solutions can be found here. Sustainable supply chain Our Supplier Sustainability Programme helps to strengthen the implementation and management of our ethical requirements throughout our supply chain. Our procurement policy applies to all our companies and employees in all operating countries, and describes how purchases should be handled. The policy states that our Supplier Code of Conduct shall be implemented in all new supplier contracts. Thus, discussions on ethical and environmental topics are a regular part of our procurement practices. We also conduct self-assessment surveys among prioritised product categories annually to estimate the implementation of the Code, as well as to mitigate risks in our supply chain. More information about how we work with our supply chain can be found here. Ethical culture Ethics for us means taking diversity and equality seriously and actively promoting and communicating them as an integral part of our corporate culture. It means preventing corruption in any form, and always complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations governing anti-bribery and corruption – wherever we operate. Our ethical values are outlined in our Code of Conduct, which is aligned with local legislation as well as international norms and guidelines. Our Code applies to all our operations and to any party that contributes to our services, products and other business activities. Read more about our Code and other corporate rules. Ethics for us also means recognising the competence, motivation and well-being of our employees. All of these are key for our long-term success as a company and corporate citizen. Therefore, we strive to offer a workplace and an environment built on openness and transparency – an open-source culture supporting innovation and development for the individual as well as for us as a company. Read more about our approach to diversity and inclusion and our ethical culture. Information security and data privacy As one of the largest IT service providers in Northern Europe, we recognise that any disturbance in IT infrastructure or IT systems involving customers can have an immediate impact on a large number of users, whether in their professional or private lives. For this reason, information and cybersecurity must be part of any process, delivery or work that we do. Our security arrangements aim at predicting, preventing, detecting and responding to different types of attacks and incidents. Risk management, business continuity, awareness and well-functioning security services are all important building blocks for establishing and maintaining a good cybersecurity resilience. Our solutions, services and internal processes are continuously monitored. Furthermore, we continuously increase information security awareness among employees through e-learnings, conferences and training partners. Our cyber-capability maturity assessment is conducted on an annual basis, and our three-year cybersecurity plan aims at continually improving our overall cyber-resilience. More information about information security and data privacy at Tieto can be found here. Equal opportunities The ICT industry is developing at a rapid pace. We strongly believe that a wide mix of people, regardless of gender, age or cultural background, is important for us to remain competitive and offer an inspirational workplace. Therefore, diversity and inclusion are an integral part of our open-source culture and core Human Resource activities, such as recruitment, salary revisions and talent programmes. We provide equal opportunities for all employees and are committed to the principle that all employees shall be treated with equal respect and dignity and shall be provided with equal opportunities to develop themselves and their careers. At the end of 2017, 72% (72%) of personnel at Tieto was male and 28% (28%) female. The IT industry is generally still male-dominated and an equal division of male and female employees will be difficult to achieve in the short-term. To steadily increase the number of women in the company, Tieto implements country-specific equality initiatives based on local requirements and needs, and successes in these have been recognized, for example, with the Gold Membership of the Oda Network in Norway and the Sandvik Diversity Award by the Swedish Chamber of Commerce in India. Tieto Sweden was the first IT company in the world to receive gender equality certification from the Swiss EDGE Certified Foundation at the end of 2015 (valid for two years), and received it again in 2017. This certification represents the leading global assessment methodology and business certification standard for gender equality. It assesses policies, practices and numbers across five different areas of analysis: equal pay for equivalent work, recruitment and promotion, leadership development training and mentoring, flexible working and company culture. Furthermore, Tieto Sweden also gives out the IT-woman of the year prize, on Universum Awards for Professionals to highlight gender equality. Tieto’s approach to diversity and inclusion is mirrored in appointments to jobs, rewarding and personal success, which are based on individual ability and performance. In organizational development, Tieto strives to have management positions increasingly represent females, young professionals and different nationalities. The share of women in senior management positions reached 22% (21%) at year-end. By 31 December, Tieto Leadership Team consisted of six men and three women and Tieto’s Board of Directors of seven men and two women. Employee experience We recognise that employee experience is vital for our strategic ambition to become our customer’s first choice for business renewal. Our open-source culture is the core foundation for a good employee experience, supported by advanced technology and a modern working environment. To support the constant need for development, we are continuously enhancing our offering to help employees grow and learn through collaboration and co-innovation across ecosystems. Read more about employee experience at Tieto here. Financial performance For us, economic responsibility means striving to ensure that we are profitable in order to create long-term value for our stakeholders and contribute to a global and sustainable economy. Our economic impact spans over customers, suppliers, governments and society at large. Every year, we conduct philanthropic donations to increase the well-being in local communities. We are also engaged in pro-bono work. More information about our economic impact can be found here. Customer experience Having customer experience as a competitive differentiator calls for commitment from the entire team; promises to customers need to be fulfilled in every interaction, seamlessly through all touch points, every single day. This in turn requires us to have a corporate culture where both employees and customer experience are equally valued, recognising their correlation. A key ingredient in keeping this formula working is encouraging continuous interaction and feedback from customers. Here you can find more information about customer experience.", "Link": "https://www.tieto.com/en/about-us/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "TIPSPORT a.s.", "Number of employees": 2999, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Toyota Peugeot Citroën Automobile Czech, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 2999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Preamble of CSR Policy Contribution toward Sustainable Development We, Toyota Motor Corporation and our subsidiaries, take initiative to contribute to the harmonious and sustainable development of society and the earth through all business activities that we carry out in each country and region, based on our Guiding Principles. We comply with local, national, and international laws and regulations as well as the spirit thereof, and conduct our business operations with honesty and integrity. In order to contribute to sustainable development, we believe that management interacting with its stakeholders as described below is of considerable importance, and we will endeavor to build and maintain sound relationships with our stakeholders through open and fair communication. We expect our business partners to support this initiative and act in accordance with it. Customers Based on our \"Customer First\" philosophy, we develop and provide innovative, safe, and outstanding high-quality products and services that meet a wide variety of customer demands to enrich the lives of people around the world. (Guiding Principles: 3 and 4) We will endeavor to protect the personal information of customers and everyone else we are engaged in business with, in accordance with the letter and spirit of each country and region's privacy laws. (Guiding Principle: 1) Employees We respect our employees and believe that the success of our business is led by each individual's creativity and solid teamwork. We support personal growth for our employees. (Guiding Principle: 5) We support equal employment opportunities and diversity and inclusion for our employees. We do not discriminate against them. (Guiding Principle: 5) We strive to provide fair working conditions and to maintain a safe and healthy working environment for all our employees. (Guiding Principle: 5) We respect and honor the human rights of people involved in our business and, in particular, do not use or tolerate any form of forced or child labor. (Guiding Principle: 5) Through communication and dialogue with our employees, we build and share the value \"Mutual Trust and Mutual Responsibility,\" working together for the success of our employees and the company. We recognize our employees' right to freely associate, or not to associate, complying with the laws of the countries and regions in which we operate. (Guiding Principle: 5) Management of each company takes leadership in fostering a corporate culture and implementing policies that promote ethical behavior. (Guiding Principles: 1 and 5) Business Partners We respect our business partners such as suppliers and dealers and work with them through long-term relationships to realize mutual growth based on mutual trust. (Guiding Principle: 7) Whenever we seek a new business partner, we are open to any and all candidates, regardless of nationality or scale, and evaluate them based on their overall strengths. (Guiding Principle: 7) We maintain fair and free competition in accordance with the letter and spirit of each country and region's competition laws. (Guiding Principles: 1 and 7) Shareholders We strive to enhance corporate value while achieving stable and long-term growth for the benefit of our shareholders. (Guiding Principle: 6) We provide our shareholders and investors with timely and fair disclosure on our operating results and financial condition. (Guiding Principles: 1 and 6) Global Society / Local Communities Environment We aim for growth that is in harmony with the environment by seeking to minimize the environmental impact of our business operations, such as by working to reduce the effect of our vehicles and operations on climate change and biodiversity. We strive to develop, establish, and promote technologies that enable the environment and economy to coexist harmoniously, and to build close and cooperative relationships with a wide spectrum of individuals and organizations involved in environmental preservation. (Guiding Principle: 3) Community We implement our philosophy of respect for people by honoring the culture, customs, history, and laws of each country and region. (Guiding Principle: 2) We constantly pursue safer, cleaner, and improved technologies that satisfy the evolving needs of society for sustainable mobility. (Guiding Principles: 3 and 4) We do not tolerate bribery of or by any business partner, government agency, or public authority, and maintain honest and fair relationships with government agencies and public authorities. (Guiding Principle: 1) Social Contribution Wherever we do business, we actively promote and engage, both individually and with partners, in social contribution activities that help strengthen communities and contribute to the enrichment of society.", "Link": "https://global.toyota/en/sustainability/csr/policy/"}
{"Company Name": "TNT Express Worldwide, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "CSR Policies Corporate social responsibility is vitally important to who we are as a company. Our policies ensure that we rigorously adhere to the highest standards in ethical behavior, environmental sustainability, data security and more. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Our global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics sets a high standard for behavioral conduct in areas that include workplace health, safety and environment, human rights, harassment and discrimination, conflicts of interest and gifts and entertainment. Every team member is familiarized with the Code during onboarding and encouraged to report all suspected violations using our 24-hour FedEx Alert Line service or by contacting management, Legal or Human Resources. The Code is publicly available on our Investor Relations website. Combating Slavery and Human Trafficking FedEx is committed to the zero-tolerance policies adopted by the U.S. and other governments to combat slavery or the trafficking of persons for any purpose. FedEx prohibits trafficking-related activities and we expect our suppliers and contractors to uphold these important principles, as well. FedEx encourages the reporting of any suspected violations through the FedEx Alert Line or other channel, and our policies forbid any form of retaliation for fulfilling this obligation. For more information, please see our Policy Prohibiting Trafficking in Persons. Data Security and Privacy Protecting the privacy of our customers, vendors and employees is critical to our ability to maintain their trust. FedEx fully understands how the risks related to Information Security and Privacy affect our business operations. We take precautions to safeguard sensitive information, to include customer data, in order to ensure a safe and secure online environment. Our Customer Protection Center highlights our online Privacy Policy alongside information on how FedEx protects customer privacy and resources to help customers identify, report and mitigate risks. Public Policy Engagement FedEx engages in public policy initiatives that align with our business interests and expertise. In compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, we conduct lobbying activities, provide publicly disclosed political contributions and encourage voluntary employee participation through our political action committee. For more information, please see our Policy on Political Contributions. Environmental Policy FedEx recognizes that the long-term health of our business is directly connected to the health of the planet and local communities. We remain focused on sourcing environmental solutions that will lessen our footprint, while serving as an example to our peers. As part of our ongoing efforts, FedEx focuses on the following initiatives: Commitment to a continual improvement process in environmental management. Evaluation of environmental impacts of FedEx packaging products, operations and facilities with a commitment to minimize impacts and restore properties affected by our operations. Improvement of employee environmental performance through detailed policies and procedures, training and recognition of excellence. Efficient use of natural resources to minimize waste generation through efforts that include recycling, innovation and prevention of pollution. Measurement of environmental performance by use of a framework to set and review objectives and targets, audit progress, sanction employee accountability and report to senior management and external stakeholders. Integration of environmental responsibilities and considerations into daily operations and business decision-making processes. Participation in the development of sound environmental policy within the transportation and business sectors. Commitment to emergency preparedness and response in order to minimize any potential environmental impacts resulting from day-to-day operations. Use of innovations and technologies to minimize atmospheric emissions and noise. Promotion of effective environmental management by our suppliers and contractors. Compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. The promotion of awareness regarding environmental policies for employees and the public.", "Link": "https://www.tnt.com/corporate/en/site/home/about_us/csr.html"}
{"Company Name": "TokmaTech s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Tony Bennett spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 24, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TOP EKOS spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "EKOS International is a leading strategic sustainability consulting ﬁrm, helping companies understand sustainability as a key driver of competitive advantage and integrate CSR/sustainability into core strategy, brand and operations. We provide business models, customer and competitive intelligence, methodologies, and hands-on implementation support for creating more sustainable enterprises, products, processes, and services. EKOS delivers a full-service package, specializing in strategic planning, global benchmarking, strategic sustainability roadmaps and implementation, corporate responsibility reporting, leadership development, employee engagement, supply chain engagement, and innovation/improvement projects. What We Do Sustainability Strategy to Drive Business Value EKOS partners with clients to develop strategies for leveraging a sustainability platform to achieve desired economic, environmental, and social results. Strategies are designed to improve financial performance, build brand value, reduce carbon footprint, save money by reducing energy and waste, increase customer loyalty, gain competitive advantage, develop sustainable technologies, design more sustainable products, drive innovation, enroll supply chains, manage stakeholder relationships, and engage employees. Benchmarking & Best Practices We create customized comparisons of client companies’ sustainability performance with the best practices of global and industry leaders, competitors, and customers as a foundation for strategic planning. We help clients develop strategies for strategic positioning and adapt successful practices to their company. For many of our benchmarking studies we draw on the world’s largest database of sustainability performance ratings, aggregated by our partner company CSRHub CSRHub.com. Sustainability/CSR Reporting, Communication & Brand Building EKOS helps clients develop and write Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) reports, including content, strategy, targets, and measurements – based on internal assessments and strategic goals, competitor assessment, and stakeholder materiality priorities. CSR reports clarify leadership strategy, create organizational alignment, communicate with stakeholders, and build brand. Services include rapid prototyping for first-time reporters, as well as critique, recommendations, and complete support for all aspects of designing, writing, and publishing. Employee & Stakeholder Education & Engagement EKOS designs programs for education that enroll and engage leaders, employees, customers and key stakeholders, drawing from our extensive research about and hands-on implementation of successful strategies in leading companies. Crowdsourcing & Open Innovation EKOS is literally “writing the book” on how to mobilize our collective intelligence to drive business breakthroughs, accelerate sustainability and solve global challenges. Technology advancements in social media and crowdsourcing – and insights into how to design “grand challenges”, “innovation jams” and multi-sector collaboration – are breaking boundaries and creating a new era of innovation and impact. Value Stream Optimization EKOS provides strategic guidance for supplier development, collaboration on improvement and innovation, and entire value stream optimization. Our powerful Value Stream business simulation workshop lays the foundation for deepened understanding, culture change, and cooperation on cross-functional and full-value-stream improvement projects.", "Link": "https://ekosi.com/services/sustainability-strategy/"}
{"Company Name": "TOP HOTELS GROUP a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TP Vision Europe B.V., pobočka Česká republika", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "TPV believes that environmental protection is a vital part of our corporate social responsibility. As an internationally-renowned monitor and TV manufacturer, we focus on reducing our environmental footprint by improving operational efficiency and incorporating sustainability in product design. We trust that an adept environmental management framework enables an organization to not only stay aware of its impacts but also unlocks opportunities for improvement. Our main production facilities located across the world have implemented comprehensive environmental management systems, such as those accredited with ISO14001. We undertake rigorous monitoring and audits to make sure that the environmental impacts of our operations are properly mitigated and in line with the stipulated discharge standards. 4.1 Emissions Air and greenhouse gases (“GHG”) emissions We make an on-going effort to manage and reduce our air and GHG emissions. In China, we continuously replace our lighting by LED lamps and arrange energy-saving renovation and installation to the air conditioning system in the factories in order to save power consumption. In addition, we make good use of carpooling throughout our operations to reduce the number of vehicles in use. The increase in emission in 2018 was due to new manufacturing plant in Xianyang, the PRC, commencing operation in the middle of the year. Nevertheless, the Group endeavours to reduce emission and target to lower the emission volume by 5% by 2020 based on 2017 volume. For emissions of major factories manufacturing monitors, please refer to Appendix II. Wastewater Wastewater generated from our premises is discharged into municipal wastewater disposal systems for centralized treatment or properly treated at our own wastewater treatment facilities onsite prior to discharge. In 2018, the Group recycled 12,604 tons of wastewater which were mainly used for watering the plants and flushing toilets. Waste We have implemented waste management procedures to guide proper waste segregation, storage and handling practices for waste generated from our operations. Our waste management practices encourage reduction from the source, reuse, and recycling, through the adoption of advanced technologies and the improvement of process efficiency. Any waste generated is properly handled by qualified third parties. To enable orderly transportation of our hazardous waste to disposal facilities by trucks, we adhere to a trip ticket system in accordance with the respective local regulations of the locations within which we operate. Our operations in China report on sewage treatment and hazardous waste management regularly to the State Environmental Protection Administration. Also, we encourage organic solvent suppliers to recycle and reuse empty containers to reduce the amount of hazardous waste generated. In 2018, a total of 199 tons (2017: 274 tons) of hazardous waste and 32,053 tons (2017: 30,955 tons) of non-hazardous waste were generated. We have enhanced our production techniques in order to improve quality and productivity and to minimize hazardous waste generation. The production process (wave soldering) at our mainland China manufacturing operation introduces a nitrogen scheme to reduce the amount of tin slag generated. Also, we replace stain remover by electronic fluorinated cleaning solution to avoid the risk of occupational diseases to the employees and reduce the production of organic waste gas and waste organic solvent. At the same time, we work for reducing the number of defective products and improve the production of general industrial waste by improving the process and strengthening training to improve employee proficiency. Additionally, our Brazilian manufacturing operation, Envision Indústria de Produtos Eletrônicos Ltda, reduces packaging waste generation by returning cardboard to the packaging suppliers for recycling. Instead of disposal, all wood waste from the Company’s manufacturing process is sold to agents who use biomass energy in brick-making kilns. Our sales arm, TP Vision Europe B.V., considers environmental impacts of our products’ life cycles and collects old or broken devices from customers in all countries in the EU free of charge, arranging for them to be recycled according to the EU Directive on Waste and Electronic Equipment. In China, we encourage our suppliers to use circulation boxes for repeated use in order to increase efficiency and reduce waste. Our operations have taken a myriad of measures to reduce the consumption and improve the efficiency of energy, water and other materials. Energy We have implemented a number of energy-saving measures. For example, our manufacturing operation in Fujian, TPV Electronics (Fujian) Co. Ltd. installed LED lamps and energy-efficient pumps are installed in the central air-conditioning system in the factory to reduce respective power consumption. Envision Indústria de Produtos Electrônicos Ltda replaced its chiller cooling system by employing air conditioning with a more efficient timer control. Lighting controls and motion sensors have been installed in the rooms to automatically turn off lights at vacant rooms for energy saving. Water is used mainly for domestic purposes at our sites. Almost all water the Group consumed came from tap water. As such, we are exposed to several risks relating to water supply, including pollution, suspension and high charges caused by high usage. Moreover, we would also be impacted by flooding caused by natural disasters, wastage, leakages or suspension due to equipment or pipeline damages. To cope with these, we inspect every point of usage every 6 months ensuring the taps, pipelines and all related equipment are working properly. Water conservation is one of our key performance indicators for performance assessment — we monitor our water consumption and encourage our employees to save water. At our Taipei headquarters, water saving devices have been installed in taps and toilets and there is 24-hourhotline for reporting of any water leakage. The perlators has been installed in order to increase the optical water stream for water usage reduction in the factory in Poland. In addition, we also set out policy in case of water suspension which includes tightening of usage, and relocation and follow the procedure of municipal water suspension. In 2018, we consumed a total of 1.97 million m3 (2017: 1.77 million m3) freshwater which is approximately 71.11 m3 (2017: 60.97 m3) per employee. Infiltration issue was identified in the old system of Brazil site. The problem was fixed subsequently, with several new water-usage efficiency facilities installed. New hydrometers were also installed to monitor water usage and ensure any irregular increase, which may imply potential leakage problem, can be identified immediately. For water consumption of factories producing monitors, please refer to Appendix II. Material Use TPV is committed to providing environmentally responsible packaging materials for its products. For example, both TPV Displays Polska Sp.z.o.o and Envision Indústria de Produtos Electrônicos Ltda, our manufacturing operations in Poland and Brazil, recover and reuse packaging waste, such as cardboard, which saves thousands of trees each year. Our manufacturing operation in China, TPV Technology (Qingdao) Co., Ltd, has encouraged the customers to reuse the packaging materials. For office administration, we strengthen the control on the use of office paper for photocopying and printing. For example, internal use or unofficial documents are requested to print on both sides. Also, we strictly control the procurement, management and use of office supplies and consumables to avoid waste. During the year, we consumed a total of 99,937 tons (2017: 91,727 tons) of packaging materials with a packaging material intensity of 1.87 kg (2017: 2.09 kg) per unit of product. 4.3 The Environment and Natural Resources We remain keenly aware of our impact on the environment and our consumption of natural resources. As a result, we endeavor to identify and mitigate such impacts by embedding sustainable development in everything we do. Assessments of potential environmental impacts are undertaken to inform the identification, measurement and management of our footprint at the site level. Our production operations have implemented stringent procedures to prevent chemical leakage and spillages into the environment. Emergency planning and drills are conducted to reduce the risk of accidents and to maintain our business continuity. We invest in making our facilities greener by adopting principles of land optimisation, energy and water conservation, material economization and green construction through Incorporation of sustainable design features. 4.4 Regulatory Compliance The Group was not aware of any non-compliance of laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group relating to air and GHG emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste during 2018. 34 5. COMMITMENT TO OUR COMMUNITY Community involvement is one of TPV’s core values. We aspire to share our business success with local communities by supporting the youth and the underprivileged as well as promoting environmental conservation. Our employees are strongly encouraged to participate in and contribute to TPV’s community outreach programmes. We uphold our commitment to the community through employee volunteering and donations in kind or in cash. Our employees contributed more than 5,500 hours (2017: 4,300 hours) in delivering community services and the Group has donated more than US$288,580 (2017: US$248,517) to support various community initiatives during the year. 5.1 Supporting the Youth One to One Subsidization Project In 2018, we continued to support the “One to One Subsidization” project aimed at providing education for ethnic minority students from underprivileged rural families in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region in the PRC. The project was first initiated by the Group’s chairman and CEO, Dr Hsuan, Jason in 2012 and has been operated in collaboration with the Beijing Meijiang Education Foundation. The Group has been sponsoring tuition fees for eligible students since the commencement of the project. In addition, the Group encourages its employees to foster mentorship relationships with the students by conversing through letters, gifts, video calls and visits. We arrange birthday and festival celebration parties to share love and happiness to those ethnic minority students. In 2018, this project have expanded to our sites in Beijing, Xiamen, Wuhan, Qingdao and Fuqing and reached out to around 200 (2017: 170) students.", "Link": "http://www.tpv-tech.com/documents/Gov/tpv_2018_cs2report.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "TPA", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "We conduct business in an area in which the result depends on mutual trust, relationship and safety. We are not indifferent to people’s fates, which is why TPA provides financial, material and professional aid to numerous charitable and common benefit organizations. Rozum a Cit endowment fund The Rozum a Cit (Sense and Sensibility) endowment fund multilaterally supports surrogate parent care. It helps abandoned children spend their childhoods and adolescence in a foster family and towards a better life. It helps foster families, which are for many children from children’s homes the only possibility to have their own families. These families take into their care children who would otherwise never know what it is to have their “home”. They are often children who are mentally or physically disabled, but also older children or children who are not Czech nationals. Foster parents help children to prepare for independent life, support their positive development, education and integration into normal life. “We want to participate in improving the living standards of children who have found their homes in surrogate families. Every year, we financially support several families insofar as children acquire all the medical equipment they need, school aids, sports equipment or more pleasant furnishing of children’s rooms. We are of the impression that every child has a right to a happy life,” says TPA partner Rostislav Kuneš. In 2018, TPA helped six families with small children and financially contributed to the operation of an organization. Dlaň životu common benefit organization – an asylum for pregnant women in need Dlaň životu common benefit organization was established in 2002 by the Betlém nenarozeným (Bethlehem to the Unborn) endowment fund with the aim of helping the smallest children and their mothers. By means of housing offers, advisory services and a base, Dlaň životu (Palm to Life) provides support especially to pregnant women in need and mothers with children in order to help them overcome adverse situations. This support aims towards independence and the mother’s participation in normal life. “Anyone can sometimes themselves in a difficult situation which they can handle only with difficulty without outside help. If such a situation affects a mother with a child, it is a far more pressing problem. This is exactly why we are pleased to participate in making the asylum run by Dlaň životu common benefit organization for pregnant women in need more cosy,” says TPA partner Rostislav Kuneš. In autumn 2018, TPA will involve itself in the third year of #GIVINGTUESDAY and will make a financial donation to support Dlaň životu. Společenství Dobromysl (Good Mind Community) – Dobromysl workweek social welfare centre Společenství Dobromysl citizen-action public is a non-state non-profit organization run by The Dobromysl workweek social welfare centre and Informační a kulturní centrum Dobromysl (Good Mind Centre of Information and Culture). The social welfare centre is a family-type facility for clients with combined disabilities who need special care. The aim of the social welfare centre is to develop their abilities and skills (practical and social); it leads them to responsibilities, strengthens their decision-making abilities and teaches an active manner of life. “It seems important to us to break the imaginary wall which divides so-called healthy citizens from those who have had to learn to live with a certain difference. The manner in which Společenství Dobromysl furthers the connection of the world of the healthy population with people who need special care appeals to us,” TPA partner Petr Karpeles. In 2018, TPA made a financial donation towards repairing the roofs of agricultural buildings and towards the construction of a north wall in the grounds of the Dobromysl workweek social welfare centre. Lékořice volunteer centre The Lékořice volunteer centre has been carrying out projects since 2005, the goal of which is the psychological support of patients and healthcare personnel. It has been operating for the longest at Thomayer Hospital, further at the Faculty Hospital Královské Vinohrady, at IKEM, and has newly also launched a volunteer program at the General University Hospital in Prague. Lékořice volunteer centre focuses on improving the psychological condition of patients, providing religious care, play therapy and zoo therapy. Since 2011, it has also been operating Naší kavárna (Our Café), a supported employment project, at the Thomayer Hospital grounds. “We have decided to support patients in their difficult life situations, as well as the healthcare personnel who perform demanding and highly praiseworthy work. In 2017, we organized the second year of the Běh pro Thomayerku (Run for Thomayer) charity competition. We thereby helped those who, for health reasons, cannot play sports. The proceeds from the starting fee were used to organize art workshops at the Geriatric Ward and subsequent care, and for the support of zoo therapy at Thomayer Hospital. We also regularly participate in charity bazaars organized by Lékořice,” says TPA partner Jana Vítková. In 2018, TPA organized throughout the company a collection of clothes, toys and household goods for charity bazaars at Thomayer Hospital, in which TPA representatives participated personally and organizationally. TPA organized running races – Běh pro Thomayerku – between TPA, IKEM and Thomayer Hospital employees. The financial proceeds were utilized for the Lékořice volunteer centre.", "Link": "https://www.tpa-group.cz/en/corporate-social-responsibility/"}
{"Company Name": "TPF group s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Trade FIDES, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Trelleborg Bohemia, a.s.", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability Sustainability work is important for Trelleborg's long-term value creation, and spans the entire sustainability area, from environment, health and safety issues to compliance and ethical relationships with employees, customers, suppliers, local communities and society as a whole. The four focus areas in Trelleborg are Compliance, Resources, Diversity and Social engagement. Read more in our Sustainability Report and watch the video. Trelleborg’s products and solutions have properties that contribute to a more sustainable society Core values In a global Group such as Trelleborg, characterized by individual and cultural diversity, our system of shared values is particularly important. Our core values – customer focus, performance, innovation and responsibility – are long-term commitments, which, when coupled with the business concept, goals and strategies guide us in making decisions and conducting business. The values make Trelleborg unique compared with our competitors. We are proud to be different. Customer focus Working in partnership, we aim to add value for our customers, as well as for Trelleborg. Innovation We promote an innovative culture and attitude. Innovation is a key driver for our growth. Responsibility We all share responsibility for our company as a whole and for its results. Performance We shall perform better than our competitors.", "Link": "https://www.trelleborg.com/en/about--us/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Trenkwalder a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "As Trenkwalder, we Determine our work according to civil rights and liberty;Do not discriminate against any belief, culture or orientation;Do not harm wildlife and take measures to promote sustainability;Support all our employees equally in their area of need;Take all possible measures to promote the health of trenkwalder family employees;Support cultural and artistic events;Believe that united we can achieve so much more!", "Link": "https://tr.trenkwalder.com/en/about-us/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "TRESCON Executive Search s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TREVOS, a.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TREY Global, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TRIDAS, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "ENVIRONMENTAL ADVANTAGES OF THE MOULDED FIBRE Packages of moulded fibre are made of wood-pulp or of recycled waste paper and are, again, 100 % recyclable. This definition not only meets requirements on modern industrial packages but, at the same time, minimizes impacts of human activities on environment by means of reducing NOx and COx emissions. This means that the moulded fibre is a sustainable product, which is fully biodegradable in compliance with ISO 14000 and with EU standards for eco-points. The use FIELDS OF APPLICATION OF THE MOULDED FIBRE electronics ELECTRONICS Seen from many points of view, for electronics and for electronic appliances moulded fibre is an ideal choice due to its electrostatic neutrality. Moulded fibre enables to perfectly copy surface of a packaged product, of its primary package. Due to optimally designed deformation zones, minimized is a damage of a product, due to a drop test, which could be transferred to the packaged product. GALLERY Industry INDUSTRY Products of moulded fibre can be used for packaging within the whole light industry range, for example for fine glass products, furniture, cosmetics, and textiles, petty consumer goods, etc. Advantage is that moulded fibre may be formed to nearly any 3D shape, which enables individual packaging of any product or packaging of a complete product charge together. GALLERY Automotive AUTOMOTIVE Intelligent design enables to stack products without any contact between the goods. Precise shapes are also suitable for fully automatic processes. Tridas' products are frequently used in the production of LED light sources, LED lighting units, as well as for braking systems, touch display car radios, for packaging door locks, etc. GALLERY Agriculture AGRICULTURE With respect to the zero content of dangerous substances and of heavy metals our products are used as disposable flowerpots that degrade, following after a flower has been planted, and they serve as fertilizer with a high carbon content. With a higher surface quality paper trays are used for packaging foodstuff for animals and as breeding stations for useful insects. GALLERY Cosmetics COSMETICS Clean and smooth surface enables packaging of fragile cosmetic preparations sensitive to dust. Such a package is suitable both for mass production and for a luxury final product. Full-colour print using 16 million hues and 600 dpi high resolution give a package highly exclusive nature; moreover, it may be personified both in small and large series. GALLERY design DESIGN Moulded fibre may also be used as an individual design element, which features excellent properties as regards noise damping. Moreover, paper emits no toxic substances into your home or office. Due to their ergonomic shapes, these decorations are highly elegant.", "Link": "http://www.molded-pulp-fiber.com/"}
{"Company Name": "Trigema a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Social Responsibility at TRIGEMA Corporate family – we interpret this concept as a company’s sense of responsibility for ist employees – even in difficult times. For a family-owned business like TRIGEMA this means: In the last 45 years, TRIGEMA has not seen any short-time work or redundancies due to lack of work. Furthermore, all of our employees’ children are guaranteed an apprenticeship or a workplace after they graduate from school. It is a company tradition to celebrate the most important events in the lives of the company and the Grupp family together with all employees. For example 1988 the wedding of Wolfgang Grupp with Elisabeth von Holleuffer, the company’s 75th and 88th anniversaries and big birthdays of the sole owner and CEO, Wolfgang Grupp. Honesty, trust, community – values that make a family strong. TRIGEMA’s corporate family lives by these principles and relies on a shared sense of community, which does not weaken but keeps growing from generation to generation. Therefore it can happen that, added up together, some families work up to 125 years for the company. Anniversary award celebrations take place regularly for employees who have worked at TRIGEMA for 25, 40 or even 50 years. Everyone working at TRIGEMA has been given a regular work contract. As a result, our principles when it comes to \"work conditions and wages\" can be summarised as follows for all members of our workforce: A safe and clean work environment that provides all mandatory protective equipment designed to protect man and the environment. Fair and solid wages paid in line with the pay scale in Germany 100 % wage continuation in case of illness Workers’ representation by our own workers' council Involvement of the company's workforce in all major decisions We are also aware of our social responsibility in the region. Therefore on the occasion of Mr. Wolfgang Grupp’s 50th birthday, the non-profit „Wolfgang and Elisabeth Grupp Foundation“ was founded. This foundation offers financial help for the development of various social organisations in our region and ensures fast non-bureaucratic assistance for urgent problems and needs. Environment and Health at TRIGEMA Environmental protection is something to which TRIGEMA attaches great importance. We only use the latest technology and are equipped with state-of-the-art machinery that helps save water and energy. In addition, we constantly improve and optimise our production flow, in particular, with regard to the treatment of process and waste water. In our main plant in Burladingen we produce our own electricity with a block heating station and two gas turbine power stations. Renewable energy is also of great importance to us and therefore we produce solar energy since 2007. The electricity produced by the solar panels, which cover an overall area of 6000m2, is partially used for our production and partially fed into the grid. In general, manufacturing our products in line with German regulations makes every TRIGEMA garment a product that is environmentally friendly in contrast to clothing that is made in some foreign countries where only minimal environmental regulations apply. In addition, our local production helps avoid a considerable amount of CO2 emissions as otherwise usual nationwide or international transportation routes are not required. In addition to our own control mechanisms, we also use other independent institutions to subject our entire product range to regular inspections and have them certified in accordance with the STANDARD 100 by OEKO-TEX®. We are aware that preserving our ecosystems and developing new, sustainable products is one of the most important challenges we face today. This is why we have extended our product range by offering an organic and cradle-to-cradle certified collection called „TRIGEMA Change“. By developing and applying new production methods, the Cradle-to-Cradle principal enables us to produce textiles in an environmentally compatible manner. These textiles, at the end of their product life- cycle, can be returned into the natural cycle without residue. You as a customer have the opportunity to join forces with us and accelerate this development. Consider choosing an eco-friendly product when purchasing a new garment. Learn more about the conditions in which the product was manufactured. Spend a few Euro more to purchase fair and eco-friendly products and, thereby, invest in innovation and the future. Only if they work together can manufacturers and consumers initiate a change in the way our industry does business. Join us and become a part of this effort! Statement against mulesing in sheep farming TRIGEMA Inh. W. Grupp e. K. is an environmentally, conscious and sustainably producing company. As a manufacturer of sports and leisure clothing, we not only have a great responsibility towards the environment, but also towards our customers, employees and suppliers. Social management is a matter of course for us and is just as important to us as animal welfare. With this statement we distance ourselves clearly from Mulesing. In no way we support painful measures aimed at maximising earnings and sales. We regard mulesing as cruelty to animals and expressly oppose it. We obtain the merino wool from the New Zealand merino sheep. As proof of the exclusive use of \"non-mulesed\" merino wool, TRIGEMA Inh. W. Grupp e. K. holds a certificate from Südwolle GmbH & Co. KG on behalf of the auditing company Deloitte GmbH.", "Link": "https://www.trigema.de/en/sustainability/social-and-environmental-responsibilty/"}
{"Company Name": "TRIGON PLUS s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TRIVALENT s. r. o.", "Number of employees": 5, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TT HOLDING, a.s.", "Number of employees": 9, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Micro", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "TSR Czech Republic s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "UCT Fluid Delivery Solutions s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "UFI FILTERS Czech, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ULMA Construcción CZ, s.r.o", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "UniCredit Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia, a.s.", "Number of employees": 1999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Social Impact Banking UniCredit launches new programme to help develop a more equitable and sustainable society UniCredit today launched Social Impact Banking, its new programme to foster positive social impacts by supporting individuals, micro-enterprises and social initiatives. The programme, which is initially available in Italy and will eventually be rolled out to the other countries of the Group, focuses on raising credit, sharing UniCredit's financial and business know-how with communities, and building networks among like-minded organisations, such as social and trade associations, foundations and public institutions. UniCredit takes corporate social responsibility very seriously, and has long been engaged in a number of social impact activities, including funding regional emergency initiatives in Italy, supporting financial education, dedication to social enterprises as well as working with consumer associations. The Social Impact Banking programme strengthens the Group's contributions to society with three coordinated streams that will help drive the growth and sustainability in communities in the medium to long-term. Social Impact Banking will focus on: Microcredit: Beginning today, all UniCredit branches in Italy will offer loans, expertise and support to microenterprises that are often excluded access to traditional banking products and services. Drawing on a network of partners, UniCredit will identify, select and finance projects that help create inclusion and broaden employment. Thanks to a network of volunteers - current and former UniCredit employees - the Group will offer advice to support the selected companies as they grow and develop. UniCredit plans to provide more than 5,000 loans over the next two years to become a market leader for microcredit in Italy. Impact Financing: UniCredit will provide subsidised loans and competitively priced products and services to both for-profit and not-for-profit enterprises whose objective is to have a social impact in areas, for example those that strengthen and promote inclusion. The programme is designed to support social innovation as a positive driver of change. UniCredit will share success stories and promote new partnerships and networks. Moreover, the social impact of enterprises will be measured and rewarded through a \"pay for success\" mechanism [1]. UniCredit will contribute to the development of the impact financing market by offering EUR 100 million in new loans over the next two years. Financial education and inclusion: As part of the Alternanza Scuola Lavoro initiative of the Italian Ministry of Education, Universities and Research, UniCredit has launched this programme to increase financial awareness and encourage the entrepreneurial spirit in schools. The project will involve over 15,000 students in 2018 and aims to reach 50,000 students over the next three years. In addition, UniCredit will launch specific financial education programs targeting to micro and social enterprises in Italy. \"To do well, we also have to do good\", is a comment made often by Jean Pierre Mustier, UniCredit CEO. \"At UniCredit, we are proud that all our actions are guided by a strong sense of ethics, based on clear values. One of these is the importance of supporting our community. Through our Social Impact Banking initiative, we do this by looking beyond purely economic returns, to drive investments with a positive impact on society.\"", "Link": "https://www.unicreditgroup.eu/en/press-media/press-releases/2017/social-impact-banking--unicredit-lancia-un-nuovo-programma-per-s.html"}
{"Company Name": "UNILEVER ČR, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Staples", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Our strategy for sustainable growth Unilever has been a purpose-driven company from its origins. Today, our purpose is simple but clear – to make sustainable living commonplace. We are living in an increasingly uncertain and volatile world. Temperatures are rising, droughts are more frequent, food supplies are increasingly scarce, the gap between rich and poor is growing and billions still do not have access to basic hygiene and sanitation. These challenges are compounded as the global population continues to expand. Every day, 2.5 billion people use our products. We see first-hand how people the world over are already affected by these changes which pose new challenges for us: fluctuating commodity prices, unstable markets and a shortage of sustainable raw materials. Business as usual is no longer an option. With change though, comes opportunity. The Business & Sustainable Development Commission, co-founded by Unilever, concluded that successful delivery of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) – which seek to tackle 17 of world’s most urgent challenges – will create market opportunities of at least $12 trillion a year. Businesses that thrive in the future will be those that serve society today. That’s why, in 2010, we launched the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan – our blueprint for sustainable growth. The Plan is helping us to drive more profitable growth for our brands, save costs, mitigate risk and build trust among our stakeholders. We know that the biggest challenges facing the world cannot be addressed by one company alone. So we’re also working to help transform the system in which business is done. By being part of the solution to challenges, businesses have the opportunity to win the trust of consumers while helping create societies and economies in which they can grow and succeed. We know that growing numbers of people want to live more sustainably – our Making Purpose Pay (PDF | 2MB) research found that one in three people already purchase products with sustainability in mind. Consumers are becoming much more conscious of the positive difference they can make through their everyday shopping choices. That means they, like us, are looking at the impacts of our products across our full value chain – at how our products are designed, sourced, made, transported, sold and used. We need to make sure that they are engaged by our ambitious drive to reduce the environmental impacts of every aspect of our business while increasing our positive social impacts. We want them to share our purpose for a world in which sustainable living is commonplace – and to help us build a better way of doing business with our brands. What people want Shaking hands 33% Of people already purchase products with sustainability in mind and a further 21% would like to We believe sustainable growth is best delivered through brands that offer great performance and have a genuine purpose. Washing shirts whiter, making foods tastier, or making hair healthier and shinier is still vitally important to people, but product performance by itself is no longer enough. People are looking for more. We’ve found marketing and market research to be powerful forces for behaviour change, and many of our brands have built successful campaigns in areas such as handwashing, or oral health, that have had real impact on people's lives – often driven by consumer insights. One of the ways we track consumer sentiment is through our 27 People Data Centres around the world, which use insights to help shape our innovations. Our response Our Research and Development teams then search for ways in which to translate trends and needs into new technologies for incorporation into future products. The result is products such as Day2, our dry wash spray launched in 2018. It was developed to appeal to people wanting their clothes to look, feel and smell ‘just washed’ in between washes, saving both time and water. Consumer insight has also helped us understand the need to give people detailed information about our ingredients, and to produce brands that align with people's personal, cultural or religious beliefs. Products such as Sunsilk Hijab ranges, vegan Hellmann’s mayonnaise, and non-dairy Ben & Jerry’s have all been created with this in mind. Along with consumer preferences and tastes, we also have to meet consumer needs – some of which are affected by some of the world’s most challenging issues such as drought or hunger. Spotlight Domestos spray Water stress in Cape Town Over the last few years, Cape Town has been experiencing the worst drought conditions in over a century, with local government imposing a water restriction of 50 litres per person per day on inhabitants in 2018. This meant people were having to prioritise certain needs above others such as whether to wash themselves or their clothes and whether or not to flush their toilets. In direct response to this, we launched Domestos Flush Less, a toilet spray that disinfects and eliminates malodours to offer a solution to people to eliminate bacteria build up without using water. Purpose-led brands We encourage our brand managers and marketers to take a stance and make a positive difference to society. Purpose defines a brand in people's minds and is best delivered through action. It's only through action that consumers will see purpose as more than marketing. The growth of digital gives us the opportunity for people to connect directly with our brands in many ways. In 2018, we communicated Every U Does Good, our goal to make our environmental footprint smaller, to support our employees, partners and local communities to lead fuller lives and to help everyone do a little good for the world. Every U Does Good, with the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan at its heart, provides a platform which helps address the growing need for our brands to generate content that resonates with people’s values. And we can also use our marketing influence to address challenges, such as harmful stereotypes in advertising. In 2017, we formed the Unstereotype Alliance to banish stereotypical portrayals of gender in advertising and all brand-led content. Both the social and the business benefits are clear, as we describe in Challenging harmful gender norms. Leading the way with Sustainable Living brands In the future, every Unilever brand will be a brand with purpose. Alan Jope, CEO Unilever Putting sustainable living at the heart of our brands is inspiring the people buying our products and growing our sales. While the concept of ‘purpose-led’ brands is not new – brands such as Lifebuoy and Ben & Jerry’s have had a social or environmental purpose at their heart since they were founded – it is more important than ever. And it must be authentic. Brands cannot do social good while harming the planet, or improve the lives of women who buy their products while ignoring the working conditions of the women who make them. Many of our brands are leading the way on combining consumer engagement with a real contribution to our USLP. And we have created a definition of what makes a true ‘sustainable living’ brand. Such a brand must not only have a clear purpose that, over time, helps to tackle a social or environmental concern. The product itself must also contribute to one or more of the targets we have set in our USLP. We developed a methodology to help us determine how, and to what extent, each brand delivers against the product and purpose criteria. Increase bar chart 69% Our Sustainable Living brands grew 69% faster than the rest of our business In 2018, our 28 Sustainable Living Brands grew 69% faster than the rest of our business. That's up from 46% in 2017. They also delivered 75% of our overall growth. And over 2014 – 2018, they outperformed the average rate of growth at Unilever. Our seven brands with the highest turnover – Dove, Knorr, Persil/Omo, Rexona, Lipton, Hellmann’s and Wall’s (known as Ola, Algida, Kibon and Langnese in different parts of the world) – are all in our Sustainable Living Brands line-up, as our Brands with Purpose video shows. Sustainable innovations that benefit people Our product design teams turn unique insights into the products that consumers want and need. This could be perfecting a formulation so that it’s effective and lasts, provides micronutrients to address malnourishment or developing packaging that reduces environmental impact. Innovation is a vital way to respond to new preferences and people’s desires to reduce their environmental impacts or deliver a social benefit. A good example is our compressed deodorants for our Sure, Dove and Vaseline brands. They offer people the same deodorant protection but with 50% less gas and 25% less packaging, cutting the carbon footprint per can by approximately 25%. Our dry shampoos are another innovation targeting GHG emissions and Water use. Compared to washing hair with shampoo in heated water, using dry shampoo reduces GHG emissions by approximately 85%. In 2018, we sold our dry shampoos in a number of countries under nine brands, including Dove, TRESemmé, Suave, TIGI, Sunsilk and VO5. Water-savings can also be driven through new products – a key concern for consumers in water-stressed countries. For more information, please see Water-smart products for water-stressed living. We’re also innovating to reduce plastic packaging, as we describe in Rethinking plastic packaging – towards a circular economy. In 2018, we introduced Simple plant-based cleansing wipes with natural fibres which degrade in the environment. Producing responsible products People tell us that they want to know more about where our products come from, how they are made, and the natural and synthetic ingredients we use in them. Our sustainable sourcing commitments focus on our key agricultural raw materials we use in our products such as palm oil, paper and board, soy, tea, vegetables, cocoa and sugar. Our commitments aim to give consumers confidence that the products they buy contain ingredients from sustainable sources. And we communicate our progress against these targets publicly. See Sustainable sourcing and Enhancing livelihoods. Consumers are also demanding products with more natural ingredients, so we continue to grow our naturals and organic portfolio. For example, a number of brands have launched naturals extensions including Dove, Sunsilk and Dirt is Good. We have developed a new brand – Love Beauty and Planet – which uses natural ingredients. We have also acquired brands that are well known for their use of more natural ingredients such as Seventh Generation, Schmidt’s Naturals, Mãe Terra, and Sir Kensington’s. In addition to wanting to know where products come from, consumers are also interested in the technology used to produce them. We believe science and technology hold the potential to help meet the world’s long-term food needs more sustainably – but we believe they must be used responsibly, and we communicate our approach on issues including genetically modified crops, minimising pesticides use, biotechnology and the sourcing of conflict minerals. Helping people make informed choices Along with the brands themselves, we have an active role to play around helping people to make informed choices about what they are buying. Transparency around ingredients, for example, is helping consumers make informed choices about what they are using. People want control of their diets, to know what is in the foods they eat, and understand how they can live healthier lives. We are responding with greater on-pack or brand website transparency, communicating not only about ingredients but also nutritional information and ways in which the products can be used such as Knorr recipes. For more information, see Nutritional labelling and Nutritious cooking. Spotlight Unilever inspiring consumers Our nutrition labelling commitment Our nutrition labelling commitment is the following: ‘Big 8’ nutrients on back-of-pack (energy, protein, carbohydrate, sugars, fat, saturates, fibre and sodium). Front-of-pack icon showing energy content as either a % contribution to the daily recommendation or as an absolute quantity. Per portion (preferred option) or per 100g/ml. For small or unusually shaped packs, ‘Big 4’ on back-of-pack (energy, protein, carbohydrate and fat) and energy per portion front-of-pack, provided this is legally allowed. For very small packs, information can often be obtained through websites and carelines. For energy, sugars, fat, saturated fat and salt, the % contribution to the daily dietary recommendation is given as an icon or text on back-of-pack. In 2018, 96% of our products1 provided nutritional information in line with our nutrition labelling commitment. 1 covering 97% of sales volume Transparency is important for our Beauty & Personal Care brands too. In 2018, we were one of the first FMCG companies who moved beyond labelling requirements to disclose our fragrance ingredients online for many of our products in Europe, starting with France and the UK by the end of 2018, ingredient information was available across Europe and the US for over 3,000 Home Care, Beauty & Personal Care products including brands such as Dove, Axe, Comfort and OMO. Our decision to disclose ingredient information down to 0.01% of the formulation was an industry first and has paved the way for other companies to do the same. Product labelling can also help to inform consumers about what do with packaging once it has been used. For instance, on our Seventh Generation product packs, we’ve introduced the How2recycle logo, which provides clear direction on how to properly recycle or dispose of the pack components. For more information see Rethinking plastic packaging. Encouraging positive habits Every day, 2.5 billion people use our products. We're building on our understanding of how and where we can influence how consumers use our brands to tackle some of the most pressing issues in society. One way we do this is through large-scale behaviour change campaigns. Since 2010, for example, our Lifebuoy brand's handwashing campaigns have reached over 450 million people across Asia, Africa and Latin America – with proven results. So, we've looked at some of our successes, and identified the elements that made them work, to develop Unilever’s Five Levers for Change – both a practical toolkit and a set of principles which we've found increase the likelihood of behaviour change campaigns having a lasting impact. We aim to engage consumers to reduce environmental impacts, too. Our laundry products, for example, use messages around correct dosing, washing at 30 degrees and using shorter wash cycles to ensure our consumers get the most efficient use out of our products. During 2017 alone, our Comfort One Rinse campaign enabled people to reduce their own water use and donate water to drought-affected regions, reaching 14 million people across Vietnam. In Argentina, we've formed a partnership with leading retailer Walmart called ‘Sumate al EcoLavado’ (Join us at Ecowash) to reinforce our messaging. We believe sustainable farming is the best way forward to meet the world’s demand for food. The global population is growing fast; so fast, in fact, that by 2030 as much as 50% more food will need to be produced. Yet climate change, water shortages and biofuel demands are all putting pressure on food resources. That’s why we’re working with our supply chain partners to promote sustainable farming. As part of the Unilever Sustainable Living Plan, we aim to source all our agricultural materials sustainably, without increasing costs to the consumer. We are focusing first on our main crops, such as palm oil, tea, soy and sugar. We plan to put a stop to deforestation, to help fight climate change, which is damaging to farming communities. At the same time, we aim to champion smallholder farmers – to help produce enough food and lift people out of poverty.", "Link": "https://www.unilever.com/sustainable-living/our-strategy/"}
{"Company Name": "UPS", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "A cultural shift is changing how businesses operate – and interact with customers. This seismic change was on full display at the World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland, where I participated in a thought-provoking event on the future of consumer goods. Put simply: We saw the power of the circular economy in action. And we saw that what’s old is new again. I’ll explain. Thinking outside the box We announced there our participation in a coalition of the world’s largest consumer product companies, led by international recycling leader TerraCycle. Pullquote share icon.Share“Loop is a breakthrough system that can reduce disposable packaging.”Together, we unveiled an innovative new system designed to reduce single-use product packaging. Known as Loop™, this breakthrough system provides consumers with direct delivery of a variety of products. The packages arrive not in a cardboard box – but in a customized, durable tote that can be reused again and again. The products are designed for delivery, then collected, cleaned, refilled and redelivered. It’s an exciting step toward reducing the use of disposable packaging and cardboard boxes. TerraCycle is launching a pilot program in New York and Paris to fine tune efforts before wider deployment. This is a creative solution helping to shape how consumer goods companies interact with customers. This new system positions customers as partners in reducing package waste and shows the power of innovation to move us closer to a greener future. UPS engineers have teamed up with TerraCycle to design and test a first-of-its-kind reusable tote for consumer goods. Watch the video above to learn more about Loop™. Embracing new roles Pullquote share icon.Share“We’ve pushed past traditional logistics models to address the new e-commerce economy.”UPS has a longstanding commitment to environmental efforts. As supply chains shift from linear, single direction systems toward a circular economy, UPS has created product return and reverse logistics solutions for customers, resulting in a measurable impact on waste, emissions and the bottom line. We’ve pushed past traditional logistics models to address the new e-commerce economy, using technology to help residential customers control their home deliveries while eliminating wasted delivery attempts – and the carbon emissions that come with them. This latest engagement emerged from both of our companies embracing new roles. UPS has long been a TerraCycle logistics provider, helping the company address the complexities of moving goods across global borders. When TerraCycle presented the Loop concept, the UPS Package Design and Test Lab incorporated insights gathered from thousands of packaging tests to help design the new approach. The engineers at the UPS Lab implemented rigorous real-world shipment tests to gather knowledge that shaped the design of the final product. A nod to the milkman The result? A consumer-friendly container with enough durability to stand up to the rigors of daily life. As testing proceeds, customers will become partners in the program, helping to gather data and provide important perspectives about the overall experience. For the consumer goods companies, this is a bold journey into the unknown. Or is it? For those old enough to remember, there was a time when milk deliveries followed a similar model. The milkman would bring glass bottles filled with milk and collect the empty bottles left by the customer. The bottles and the milk box were neither the property nor the burden of the customer. And honestly, it made sense. This is the future of consumer goods – even if it takes a page out of our seemingly distant past.", "Link": "https://sustainability.ups.com/"}
{"Company Name": "UNIVERS projekt v.o.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "UNIQA pojišťovna, a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We take a broad-based approach to corporate responsibility. We understand this to encompass a wide range of aspects, from value-based and sustainable company management to social awareness and from corporate governance to corporate citizenship. There is just one thing that corporate responsibility must never be – the communicative equivalent of a fig leaf. That is why we are perfectly open about the fact that we are well aware that we are not yet at the end of the journey, despite everything that we have done so far. Nonetheless, we are continuing to make progress, step by step. In this section of our website, you can find out how we are doing this.", "Link": "https://www.uniqagroup.com/gruppe/versicherung/corporate-responsibility/Corporate_Responsibility.en.html"}
{"Company Name": "UNISTAV CONSTRUCTION a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Unicorn", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We support activities that make the world around us a better place to live. We want to be useful and we want to help in a way that makes sense. To achieve this, our support is long-term and systematic. The values and conservative approach of the entire Unicorn group are reflected in how we choose institutions for cooperation. We cooperate with organizations that educate young people and cultivate their talent. We also help those who, through no fault of their own, find themselves in a difficult life situation where it is not possible for them to get out of it alone. Prague Conservatory Prague Conservatory is a secondary school that prepares future music and drama professionals for their careers. It was founded in 1808, which makes it one of the oldest institutions of this kind in Europe. Among the famous personalities who passed through its corridors were composers Bohuslav Martinů, Oskar Nedbal and Rafael Kubelík, violinist Josef Suk, and conductor Václav Talich. Thanks to our support of the Prague Conservatory, its students are able to buy new musical instruments or to perform at international music competitions and festivals abroad. Association for Music Improvement in Bohemia The non-profit organization Association for Music Improvement in Bohemia continues with the activities of the society that funded and managed the Prague Conservatory since 1810, more than a hundred years. The present objective of the association is similar, the general support of conservatory students in various areas and formats, and promotion of Czech music and local music tradition. Czech Philharmonic Children’s Choir The Czech Philharmonic Children’s Choir started more than seventy years ago and it became one of the most significant artistic collectives in this area of artistic activities, not only in the Czech Republic, but also in Europe. The choir has performed in concert halls all over the world and has won numerous awards at prestigious competitions and festivals. The Children’s Home in Pyšely 48 children, mostly from 3 to 18 years of age, live in the family-type Children’s home in Pyšely near Benešov. Children live there in six family groups consisting of girls and boys of different ages, with sibling ties maintained.", "Link": "https://unicorn.com/en/helping-others"}
{"Company Name": "Vodafone Czech Republic a.s.", "Number of employees": 2999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "What does Corporate Responsibility (CR) mean to Vodafone? As a mobile communications company, our first obligation is to provide outstanding products and services for our customers. But to build trust with our customers, employees and shareholders, we must also look at how we do business. That means acting responsibly in everything we do, being a good citizen in the communities where we operate, and making sure we get the best employees by providing the best working environment. Being a responsible company is one of our key objectives. It’s all about making a profit in a way that minimises the negative, maximises the positive and provides real benefits for our customers. How are you tackling your responsibilities to customers? Our key responsibility is to make sure our customers can rely on a first-class network across the UK, great value products and excellent customer service. But we are always conscious of our wider responsibilities. We have taken the lead in areas like privacy and online protection. With the growth in social networking sites, this is particularly critical when it comes to children so we’ve developed tools and advice for parents and carers. We’re not complacent – the technology changes quickly so it’s important we work with our customers and other stakeholders to make sure we’re providing the best possible service. What are you doing to reduce Vodafone UK’s environmental impact? How we impact the environment is an important issue for all of us. At Vodafone, we’re saving energy throughout our network and in our offices and stores with a common-sense look at heating, cooling and lighting systems. We’re reducing waste by cutting back on paper usage, making old network equipment and handsets available for reuse where possible, and recycling as much as we can. Our employees can get involved by choosing our green travel options and we can help our customers cut waste too – they can switch to paperless billing or keep their handsets for longer by choosing a SIM-only tariff. How do you support good causes? Our aim is to provide funding and skills to help vulnerable people lead safer, healthier and fuller lives. Our employees support our objectives by raising funds, volunteering and lending their skills to our programmes. Capitalising on individual talents and skills extends beyond our own people – everyone in the UK is eligible to apply for our World of Difference programme. Through World of Difference, we provide funding for eight volunteers to work overseas for their favourite charity for a year. We are also providing the same opportunities through our international operating companies in 11 other countries. How do you make Vodafone a great place to work? We constantly strive to create an environment where everyone can succeed and flourish. Starting with commitment from the top, we have created an environment of employee engagement and advocacy. Our aim is to attract and retain the best people, to build a diverse team that we can support with training and development throughout their career. We make sure we recognise their great achievements and that everyone is fairly rewarded, and that everyone has a voice – and it will be heard. For our part, we know we must communicate clearly, openly and honestly, and handle the really tough issues – like redundancy – with professionalism and empathy What standards do you set for your suppliers? We set high standards for ourselves and our suppliers through our Code of Ethical Purchasing (CEP). It covers important issues including human rights, child and forced labour, working conditions, freedom of association, bribery and environmental management. All major and new suppliers must confirm compliance and we also expect major suppliers to confirm compliance to our health and safety, fraud management and duty to report policies. The standards our suppliers adopt are important – any CR failure in our supply chain can affect our own brand. Our entire supply team is fully trained and fully engaged with the CR programme. How do you put your CR plans into action? We listen to the views of our stakeholders: our customers, employees, suppliers and partners, and the local communities where we have our offices and radio base station sites. What they feel about us is really important in determining how we do business. Their views help us to decide which issues we should focus on. We then set objectives, targets and plans to address these issues. We monitor how we’re progressing, and seek feedback from our stakeholders as to how we’re performing. Our core values of trust, speed and simplicity run through everything we do. More than 18 million customers around the UK choose Vodafone. They want a fast, reliable network, great value tariffs and innovative mobile services. But great customer service doesn’t stop there. Along with the benefits our products and services bring, our research shows that the key challenges many of our customers want us to address are: customer safety online; privacy and security of data; pricing; and information about mobile phone technology and health. This section explains how we help inform and protect our customers. How are we improving our customer service? We want to know what our customers think of us, and we use this feedback to improve our service. For example, our Voice of the Customer group meets weekly to discuss issues raised by our customers. It’s headed by our Customer Operations Director and includes representatives from every part of our business. Our customers want to know that if they have a problem, Vodafone will listen and take action. We’re running a major awareness initiative in our customer-facing teams to help our people become problem-solvers and take responsibility for resolving issues. We’re also investing in technology and training to improve the way we manage our customer relationships. Customers can also use our online forum to discuss the technical aspects of our products and services. The site is moderated by Vodafone representatives and we aim to respond to customers’ enquiries within two hours – unless another contributor beats us to it and gives the customer the right answer before we get there. See forum.vodafone.co.uk Are we making our prices clearer? We aim to make all our pricing clear and simple whatever price plan a customer chooses. For example, customers who use their mobile to browse the internet can benefit from unlimited browsing for no more than 50p a day (unlimited use for pay monthly customers, up to 15MB for pay as you go customers). Vodafone Passport helps customers manage the cost of making calls abroad. Customers can use their home tariff for a 75p connection fee while in the EU and some other international destinations. Over the last year, we’ve cut our international roaming prices by around 10 per cent, and expect to make further reductions in 2009 – over the summer holiday period (2009), roaming charges were removed altogether. In the current recession, many people are looking more closely at what they spend. We’ve got a range of good value packages to help customers manage their costs, such as unlimited text packages or SIM-only price plans. Some of our customers sign up to premiumrate services, such as sports and news alerts. These services are provided by third parties. If we receive a complaint about a premium-rate service provider – for example because they’ve been unclear about their pricing or provided inappropriate content – we disconnect their service. In 2008/09, we suspended 22 providers. We’ve developed responsible marketing guidelines and make every effort to ensure all our advertising is legal, decent, fair and clear, including when we’re describing the prices of our products. Unfortunately, the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) upheld three complaints about our advertising during 2008/09. One related to a poster advertisement which implied unlimited mobile internet usage. The ASA judged that a statement about data usage limits could be overlooked. Another concerned terms and conditions being read too rapidly at the end of a radio commercial; and the third concerned a claim to be the “most reliable and fastest” broadband. Further details are available at asa.org.uk Please note: we are constantly reviewing our tariffs and plans so offers may change. Details are correct at 30 August 2009. How do we protect our customers? Our customers can access the web and download music and videos through Vodafone live! But not everything on the web is suitable for younger customers. Our content control bar blocks access to 18-rated content including erotica, violent games, chat and dating services, gambling and betting. We lift the bar on request for customers who can prove they’re over 18 years old. But not all of our 18 and over customers know that they can gain access to additional content. So in 2008/09 we trialled automatically lifting the content bar for some customers aged over 18. We wrote to them first so they could request that the bar remain in place if preferred. We aim to remove any unsuitable content (including images and music downloads) on Vodafone live! within four hours of it coming to our attention. We received 10 complaints about content in 2008/09. Most related to a menu option that provided access to adult content, which we removed. More and more young people are using social networking sites, often from their mobile phone. We want to help them use these sites safely and are working with the Home Office and other companies on this issue. As chair of the Home Office Social Networking Guidance subgroup, we helped develop safety advice for our industry and tips for children and young people, their parents and carers. To see our own document click here. We’ve set up a Nuisance Caller Bureau to tackle the problem of annoying – and often distressing – nuisance calls. If we hear that a customer is having problems, we can, with the customer’s express permission, supply the mobile phone data directly to the police. The Nuisance Call Bureau will also advise the customer about measures they can take to prevent problems in the future. How do we protect customer privacy? Our customers trust us to look after their personal and financial information. Everyone at Vodafone is expected to follow our privacy policy and data protection standards. We don’t share customer information with other companies for marketing purposes without customers’ permission. Under special circumstances, we will share information with the police and security services to help prevent or solve a crime.", "Link": "https://www.vodafone.co.uk/cs/groups/configfiles/documents/contentdocuments/cr_report_2008_09.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "Volkswagen Financial Services", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Moving you. Moving forward. For Volkswagen, sustainability means pursuing economic, social and ecological objectives simultaneously and with equal energy. It is our aim to create lasting values, offer good working conditions, and conserve resources and the environment. Think of an environmental role model. Did you think of us at Volkswagen? Probably not. But that’s exactly what we’re aiming to be in the field of the environment: a model company. We want to deliver mobility for everyone around the world and, as we do so, to minimize the impact on the environment. Here on this site you’ll find lots of examples of current projects through which we’re pursuing this goal. Volkswagen has always made individual and affordable mobility possible for millions of people. Under the new vision \"Shaping mobility - for generations to come.” we are providing answers to the challenges of today and tomorrow with our sharpened TOGETHER 2025+ Group strategy. Our goal is to make mobility sustainable for us and for future generations. Our “Mission Statement Environment” defines the prioritized action areas of our environmental work – namely climate change, resources, air quality, and environmental compliance. Our “Group Environmental Policy Statement” sets out our commitment to become an environmental role model – for example, in leadership conduct, compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and collaboration with stakeholders. The brands and companies also develop their own individual environmental policies, which are in line with the framework set by the Group. Here you will find the \"Environmental Policy Statement of Volkswagen AG\", for example. When it comes to the emissions issue, we have failed to live up to our own standards in several areas. The irregularities in the handling of emissions tests contradict everything we stand for. We will do everything in our power to prevent incidents of this kind from recurring, and are fully committed to re-embracing our standards and winning back public trust. With our sustainability concept we want to ensure that opportunities and risks associated with our environmental, social and governance activities are identified as early as possible at every stage of the value creation process. In keeping with this aim, we are determined that our corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities will have a lasting, positive impact on the Company’s value and reputation.", "Link": "https://www.volkswagenag.com/en/sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "VVISS a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "VW WACHAL a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Vojenská zdravotní pojišťovna České republiky", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "VIVANTIS a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Vitesco Technologies Czech Republic s.r.o. - Ostrava", "Number of employees": 2499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SOCIETY 75% of the world’s population will live in cities by 2050. This increased urbanization will lead to more megacities with populations of ten million or more. At the same time, it calls for concepts for ecological cities with multifunctional and energy-self-sufficient buildings, as well as urban, inner-city agriculture, and new mobility models to cope with traffic. People use and share products via rental platforms, which are available on all devices in everyday digital life, as a matter of course. Furthermore, a distinct development towards a more conscious, sustainable lifestyle is emerging within society. Consumers are increasingly demanding environmentally friendly products and corporate social responsibility. In the future, successful products must support a healthy environment in addition to performing the promised function. Companies will commit to ethical manufacturing – European producers in particular can set standards in this area. They should not only ensure that all steps of production are safe and efficient, but also that employees are treated with respect: with well-balanced working hours, adequate remuneration, and comprehensive occupational safety and health. In addition, increasing automation will also have a huge impact on the labor market. The traditional knowledge-based society is changing: knowledge is being replaced by skills, so experience and practical applications are becoming increasingly important. Future software systems can not only take on tasks in manufacturing or logistics, but also knowledge-centered tasks, for example in business administration or engineering. DRIVETRAIN SOLUTIONS FOR A CLEAN FUTURE Vitesco Technologies integrates innovative and efficient powertrain system solutions for today and tomorrow and for vehicles of all kinds. With smart principles like scalability and modularity, we cover the requirements of cars, commercial vehicles, and two-wheeled transport, as well as new mobility concepts. Thanks to intelligent systems and components for electric, hybrid, and combustion engines, Vitesco Technologies makes powertrains clean, efficient, and affordable. The product portfolio includes electric drives, electronic control systems, sensors, and actuators, and innovative exhaust gas cleaning. WE ARE PIONEERING THE ELECTRIFICATION OF VEHICLE POWERTRAINS OPTIMIZATION OF COMBUSTION AND HYBRID ENGINES FOR MAXIMUM EFFICIENCY", "Link": "https://vitesco-technologies.com/en/Home/Trends/Society"}
{"Company Name": "VÍTKOVICE STEEL, a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "We are not indifferent to what goes on around us. We care about the environment. The city of Ostrava is not only the place where we work, but also where we live. We keep track of social, cultural and sporting events and get actively involved wherever we are needed. Our employees are also involved in fulfilling our social responsibilities. Through the Vítkovice Steel Foundation Fund, we help those with social or medical needs. We help the people around us.", "Link": "http://www.vitkovicesteel.com/en/pages/social-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "V Invest Development s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "VALEO PRAHA", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Valeo is committed to a sustainable development strategy aiming to ensuring the consistency of its economic, environmental and social targets. Thereby, in this agreement, Valeo aims to reconsider and unite all of the priorities for its Corporate Social Responsibility policy (CSR) at European level in this agreement to develop and define the principles of responsibility. The Valeo Group bases its method of governance and its development on its values and bases its actions on socially responsible principles, in all European countries where it operates. The success of this ambition will require the extensive involvement of all Group players. Social Responsibility relates to both relations between Valeo Group companies and their employees, and to relations with its customers, suppliers, sub-contractors and more generally, with local players and civil society. The company prospers by creating value. The prospect of sustainable development increases loyalty to the company by encouraging customers to purchase its products, employees to remain, shareholders to invest in the company and suppliers to share Valeo objectives. According to Central Management, Valeo employees are at the heart of the global success of the Group, and this requires the creation of mutually beneficial relations between all partners. For this reason, the main lines of Group sustainable development policy are safety, wellbeing in the workplace, the protection of the environment, economic performance and dialogue with all partners. This agreement aims to back-up the growing internationalisation of the Valeo Group in social terms, in accordance with its principles of Responsibility, its Code of Ethics, and its sustainable development policy, which aims to satisfy its partners in a balanced manner. This agreement is the outcome of a voluntary approach to promote social and environmental practices ranging far beyond legal and regulatory obligations. In order to ensure balance with growth, economic profitability, social and environmental wellbeing, Valeo commits to the progressive implementation of the procedures and principles defined in this agreement and to integrating these elements in the policy of its subsidiaries at the different national and local levels within a reasonable period of time. The European Works Council aims to contributing to the success of this policy, by encouraging the organisations represented within Valeo to participate in identifying and implementing means of reaching the targets defined in this agreement in a constructive manner, and to respecting company personnel and assets. The signatories consider that this agreement on the Corporate Social Responsibility of the Valeo Group, the outcome of European-level negotiations involving all companies controlled by the Group, represents an opportunity to reinforce the collective 4 commitment of the Valeo Group to sustainable development and to contribute to improving social dialogue within the Group. The Group aims to ensure its active commitment to universal principles for all Group companies, and its pragmatic commitment, via respect for cultural, social and economic differences in the implementation of the principles adopted. Group companies will attempt to ensure they apply the best corporate practices existing in their business segment in their respective countries in compliance with local laws and rules and taking into account the available resources. Based on these universal principles and commitments, each country must define the procedures for adapting and implementing best practices for its entities, in compliance with the principle of subsidiarity (i.e. depending on the economic, cultural, professional and regulatory conditions in the country in question). 5 I. SCOPE This agreement applies to European companies controlled directly by the Valeo Group. Given the formal monitoring procedures henceforth inherent to this agreement, this document applies to Valeo Group companies and all companies where Valeo has a majority holding or owns at least 50% of capital, and those where Valeo manages operations. The effective application of this agreement to the companies mentioned in the above sub-paragraph is subject to the explicit signature of this agreement by these companies. In accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, the provisions of this agreement will be applied if compatible with local conditions. In the absence of legislation matching the international commitments of the Valeo Group, a convergence solution must be found on the basis of international law to achieve Group objectives in terms of sustainable development. Group companies will strictly comply with national and local laws. Should national and local laws be more beneficial, the latter will apply. In order to progressively generalise this agreement for all Group companies, Valeo will invite companies not included in its scope (i.e. non-European countries and joint ventures) to formally indicate their commitment to the agreement and progressively implement its content. 6 II. COMPLIANCE WITH UNIVERSAL STANDARDS AND VOLUNTARY COMMITMENTS 2.1. HUMAN RIGHTS The Social Responsibility of the Valeo Group is part of the universal framework of international commitments guaranteeing respect for the dignity of individuals and fundamental social rights: 2.1.1 United Nations  Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UN – 1948)  Declaration on the elimination of discrimination against women (UN – 1967)  Declaration of the rights of the child (UN – 1959) The Valeo Group, via the \"Global Compact\" document, particularly commits to disclosing progress in terms of social responsibility at Group level to the United Nations on an annual basis. The Group thereby confirms its belief in the Ten principles of the Global compact of July 2000, included in the code of ethics. It commits, with the signatories, to promoting these principles with its suppliers. 2.1.2. Conventions of the International Labour Organization (OIT) The Group confirms its compliance with the conventions of the ILO governing fundamental social rights:  Elimination of discrimination in terms of equal remuneration and paid leave (Conventions no. 100 & 111)  Minimum age and Worst forms of child (Conventions no. 138 & 182)  Abolition of forced labour (Conventions no. 29 & 105)  Freedom of association, right to organise and collective bargaining rights (Conventions no. 87 & 98)  Protection of workers' representatives, union members, and rejection of anti-union discrimination (Convention no. 135)  Rights and equal opportunities for workers of both genders with family responsibilities and for pregnant or breast feeding women (Convention no. 156) Finally, the Group bases its actions on the OECD guidelines targeting multi-national firms, adopted on 27 June 2000. . 7 2.2. ETHICS The Group reconfirms its commitments via participation in working groups, but also and above all based on its Code of ethics, and its Sustainable development charter, whose priorities are listed below and explained in detail in part III of this agreement. The Code of ethics These universal commitments are included in the Group's code of ethics distributed to all employees. The code of ethics is based on the principles of action for Group companies in relation to stakeholders and principles of ethical behaviour, with the following articles:  Respect fundamental rights - Abolish child labour - Encourage the employment of the disabled - Eliminate discrimination at work - Combat sexual and psychological harassment - Respect the health and safety of employees  Supporting sustainable development - Respect the environment and improve its protection - Respect freedom of expression and corporate dialogue - Develop the potential of each employee  Betterment of society - Participate in professional training programs - Encourage re-use and re- industrialisation - Encourage involvement in making the automobile a part of society  Business ethics  Respect fair competition This code lays down essential common references applicable to all Valeo employees and which all managers and employees can refer to. 2.3. THE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT CHARTER Valeo decides to commit to a sustainable development process for many years, in compliance with the principles of the Global compact of the United Nations, signed by the Group in 2004. This process integrates environmental responsibility, corporate responsibility and social commitment, aiming to meet the legitimate human, environmental and economic concerns of the various Group stakeholders: employees, customers, shareholders, suppliers, local communities and public authorities. Valeo is committed to accepting its responsibilities in all fields, in compliance with national legislations and international treaties and agreements. In order to reconfirm this commitment, the Group has published a Sustainable development charter listing 15 principles, which must be complied with by all employees, and by suppliers and subcontractors. The charter lists the following principles: - Guarantee that our activities comply with applicable legislation and international agreements. 8 - Maintain industrial excellence and profitable growth for all our activities based on sustainable development logic. - Ensure the satisfactory distribution and consideration of our Code of ethics on all Group sites and on the sites of our suppliers and sub-contractors. - Deploy the environment management system under ISO 14001 and the health and safety in the workplace management system under OHSAS 18001 on all of our sites. - Distribute Group guidelines to improve risk control and ensure that these guidelines are applied by sites. - Improve the environmental and safety performance of our processes and products at each stage in their life cycle: procurement, manufacturing, distribution, transport, use and end-of-life. - Optimise the transport of individuals and products in order to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. - Limit the use of natural resources and encourage the use of renewable resources and energies. - Eliminate the presence of substances, which are hazardous for the environment and health in our products and processes. - Ensure the safety of individuals and items. - Ensure diversity within teams at all levels. - Encourage multi-functional positions and develop the skills of our personnel by offering training adapted to their requirements. - Target an active contractual policy with social partners. - Develop the know-how, appeal and local integration of Valeo, by encouraging long-term partnerships with local players. - Promote the implementation of sustainable development policies on the sites of our suppliers and sub-contractors. 2.4. PARTICIPATION IN NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL BODIES 2.4.1 COSEI and the White Paper In the same way, the Valeo Group pays close attention to compliance with environmental rules, but also to research and development aiming to produce more environmentally-friendly industrial products, via an executive presence within the COSEI (French Ministerial committee on Eco-Industrial strategy). In September 2009, the Group published its white paper under the title \"Zero emission vehicles\". This document describes Valeo's vision of the future when it comes to the development of alternatives to combustion engine vehicles. This document reiterates that much progress and innovation is still required before zero emission vehicles become the norm. The Valeo Group also stands out thanks to its active participation in international bodies on the basis of \"Corporate competences volunteerism\" 9 2.4.2. European Road Transport Research Advisory Council Valeo is part of the European Road Transport Research Advisory Council (ERTRAC), the body in charge of guiding and consolidating the surface mobility research policy within the European Commission. ERTRAC's remit is to explore opportunities for innovation in the field of European road transport and to issue specific recommendations, particularly based on industry, for European commissioners (Research, Companies, Competition and Digital Information). The European Commission takes the research of ERTRAC as the basis for decisions relating to investment in future road research programmes, aiming to deploy resources and technological guidelines encouraging the smartest and most secure means of transport with the lowest level of pollution. 2.4.3 International Transport Forum Valeo is also a member of the Scientific Board of the International Transport Forum (ITF). The ITF is an intergovernmental organisation within the OECD. Its members are the transport ministers of all OECD countries, several countries from Central and Eastern Europe and ASEAN countries. The ITF aims to identify lines of work and priorities which must become focal points for the efforts and synergies of companies in these countries. Valeo was particularly active in highlighting the decarbonising of road transport and the need for all member countries to implement programmes to protect the environment. Valeo is a member of the advisory board along side of industrial players and transport systems (air, rail and maritime). If necessary, Valeo is prepared to accept responsibilities in managing these bodies. 10 III. COMMITMENTS AND GUIDELINES ON SOCIAL, CORPORATE AND ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSIBILITIES 3.1- RESPONSIBILITIES TO EMPLOYEES The Valeo Group has always considered the health and safety of its employees as a priority. Good working conditions and the consideration of human factors are all permanent targets, in parallel with economic performance, the protection of the environment and customer satisfaction. Signatories consider that the health and safety of the employees of sub-contractors are just as important as those of Group employees. These aspects are mentioned in article 3.2.1-7. 3.1.1. Health and safety in the workplace 1- Valeo Group companies will ensure that their investment projects do not compromise the health and safety of personnel and nearby populations from the design phase. 2- The Valeo Group ensures working conditions for all of its employees, which protect their health, their physical and mental integrity and their safety. The Group is convinced that wellbeing in the workplace is a key factor in continuous improvements for the health and safety of its personnel, professional expertise and improving performances. 3- The Group accords particular importance to safety training. Training programmes must be deployed in all Group companies. Employees must benefit from safety equipment adapted to their activity and be informed of rules and responsibilities in relation to their own safety, allowing them to individually ensure their own health & safety and those of their colleagues. 4- Actions intended to prevent professional risks will be taken. The Group is applying a continuous improvements policy aiming to eliminate accidents, occupational illnesses and improve the control of risks with delayed effects (chemical, musculoskeletal disorders, psychosocial risks, etc.). In 2007, Valeo launched a project known as \"Wellbeing and effectiveness at work stations\", which applies to both production and administrative workstations. The aim is to train local managers in how to identify at-risk situations and postures, particularly to prevent musculo-skeletal disorders. 5- For aspects where no social dialogue currently exists in relation to the health and safety of personnel, discussions will be launched between management and personnel representative in the companies in question, in view of determining the most suitable type of organisation for this permanent dialogue. Social partners will have access to available information, as necessary for this dialogue. 11 6- In addition, respect for individuals is a mandatory principle when exercising authority, in hierarchical relations (management and personnel representatives) and in all relations within Group companies. Excessive pressure and moral or sexual harassment is prohibited. 7- Valeo Group companies must create a working environment which encourages the safety and the physical and mental health of all types of personnel, irrespective of their tasks and the risks faced, in compliance with legal requirements in the country in question. Health and safety results in the context of a continuous improvements policy will be measured using the appropriate indicators and personnel representatives will be informed. Valeo aims to ensure \"zero accidents. Valeo has made health and safety in the workplace a priority target by organising systematic audits (carried out by external consultants) to better assess and control risks in these fields. To prove its commitment, Valeo has adopted a certification policy based on the international reference OHSAS 18001 for all of its industrial sites. Its aim is to obtain ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001 certification for all sites by 2012. 3.1.2. Employees' ability to adapt throughout their career: training, mobility: Employability Valeo evolves in a world, where financial, economical and technological changes occur faster, more in-depth and more intensely than ever. The company must therefore be quickly adaptable to remain competitive in a context which is less and less predictable. In these circumstances, the employability of employees must be developed. 1- The Valeo Group intends to recognise and encourage the ability of its employees to acquire and maintain the skills necessary to find and retain employment. To this end, Group companies will attempt to allow their employees at all levels to access the following devices throughout their career: - introductory sessions for new recruits, - information on changes to their profession and structure, plus vacancies, - continuous training preparing for new professions and new technologies, - improved skills and career openings, in view of climbing the ladder and life-long training. Employee integration and skill-based training reflects the Group's aim to develop inhouse training in the field by involving local management, particularly to encourage multi-functional positions and multiple skills for operators 2- Skill management is part of strategic workforce planning assessing changes to professions and the requirements of companies. The Valeo Group encourages all employees to play a role in their own career prospects. To this end, the company ensures that employees can access appropriate information, enabling them to determine their contribution to the company, matching changes in their environment (technical, economic, relations, etc.). 12 The Valeo Group encourages employees to improve and adapt their skills via regular formal interviews between employees and managers: - by according priority to listening and feedback (for example using the system for making proposals for improvements or assessing training), - by assessing skills, results and potential for promotion (via annual interviews, or by assessing feedback on training), - by considering possible career options to match an appropriate training program (for example via replacement plans). The Valeo Group aims to generally organise individual annual interviews on the basis of these principles, with a predefined format, notified to employees and social partners. The Group reiterates that all forms of training represent a key ingredient in successful and effective skill management. The Group will therefore ensure that training covers all professional fields. 3- The Valeo Group considers that mobility represents an asset for long-term Group cohesion and an opportunity for all those wishing to benefit from this type of opening. Mobility can be organised within and from all countries, based on the following criteria: skills, performance and potential, regardless of origin, gender, age or religion. In order to manage the individual long-term satisfaction of employees, the Valeo Group commits to considering openings for personnel in terms of improving their skills or mobility based on their potential and interest. If an employee is asked to accept mobility due to in-house changes or changes outside of the company, methods assisting with adapting to change and providing support will be preferred and targeted, at the right level and as early as possible. If an employee requests mobility at his or her own initiative, each Group company will support this approach based on the skills and abilities of the candidate and the needs and limitations of the company. The Group encourages internal, geographic and professional mobility to develop the employability of and to the benefit of its personnel. The Valeo Group considers that the independence and responsibility of all members of personnel are key aspects of its performances. 3.1.3. Social protection, particularly in terms of maternity, cover for occupational accidents, illness and retirement. The Valeo Group ensures that its employees benefit from social protection in the event of illness, pregnancy or retirement, in compliance with laws, regulations and local practices.. 3.1.4. Combating discrimination 1- The Valeo Group commits to combating all forms of discrimination and confirms its intention to respect diversity and promote equal opportunities. All Group companies will ensure equal opportunities in terms of recruitment, promotion, and career openings for all employees. 13 2- The Valeo Group believes in respecting the dignity of all and monitors 4 aspects in particular:  Gender quality in the workplace: Group companies will undertake voluntarist initiatives on the basis of an inventory to ensure the absence of discrimination in career ladders, access to management positions and to equal levels of remuneration for equivalent tasks. Valeo aims to ensure that men and women in similar situations are treated equally within the Group. By forming partnerships with selective schools and some associations such as \"Elles bougent\" – association promoting engineering positions in the automobile and other transport segments with young women – and by participating in forums such as \"Women in Leadership\" – which aims to put companies and young female graduates with qualifications in business, finance or engineering, etc. in contact– Valeo intends to continue the recruitment of women, that could be found on the market, under permanent contracts.  Integrating disabled workers: the Group will particularly ensure the application of a policy for the integration of disabled workers based on a voluntary approach to recruitment, specific integration initiatives and career support. Should a worker become disabled, or should a disability change, the Group will attempt to find the most appropriate solutions in terms of modifying the workstation or job.  Origins (ethnical, national, cultural, religion, family, etc.) must not be used as grounds to not recruit a person in any event. In the same way, no type of job may be reserved or prohibited for an employee due to his or her origins. This is how the Valeo Group developed its \"recruitment kit\", which represents a means of assessing applications based on objective criteria, exclusively relating to the professional competences of the candidates. The same applies for the annual assessment interview for engineers and managers: this interview has been standardised at Group level to allow managers to assess their teams objectively.  Age-based diversity: The Valeo Group will encourage age-based diversity, particularly integrating access to employment for young people, the development of employability up to the end of the career, continued employment for \"senior\" workers and, overall, avoiding any discrimination based on age. 3- The Valeo Group will respect the union commitments of its employees, and will in particular provide protection against any type of discrimination breaching union freedoms. Close attention will therefore be paid to monitoring training, wage increases and the development of the careers of employees with union responsibilities or representing personnel. In France, the Valeo Group particularly signed an agreement on career management for personnel representatives and unions (GCRPS) on 26 November 2002. 3.1.5. Planning ahead and social support for industrial restructuring The Valeo Group commits to planning ahead for economic and industrial developments and their consequences in terms of human resources as far as possible. The Group will particularly aim to apply the following principles in companies:  Principle of planning ahead, based on: - The integration of social consequences in strategic decisions (investment decisions, restructuring, transfers), 14 - Upstream from decisions, actions targeting employees preparing and simplifying the necessary changes.  Principle of social dialogue with the bodies representing personnel via the distribution of information and dialogue on economic priorities, the consequences of decisions and the satisfactory adapting of individual and collective support, and the monitoring of application.  Principle of responsibility with regard employees and local economies, aiming to limit the social consequences for the employees concerned and the consequences for the economic balance of the territories. Generally speaking, the Valeo Group will ensure that the social support provided in Group companies is among the best practices for the leading companies in the business segment for the country in question. In the same way, VALEO commits to promoting stable and long-term employment. VALEO also commits to promoting the recruitment and training of the local active population. 3.1.6. Remuneration VALEO ensures that the remuneration paid to employees is at least equal to the minimum conditions set out in national legislation or collective agreements. VALEO also ensures that wages paid are in line with market practices in each of its business segments. VALEO guarantees that its wages and benefits policy is defined fairly, objectively and transparently. 3.1.7. The employee participation system for company results. The performance of the Valeo Group depends on the work of its personnel. For this reason, the Group considers that social progress must match economic progress and that employees must benefit from the results of their company, the outcome of their hard work. Signatories aim for an employee participation system based on company results, to complement basic wages, in some form, to gradually become general practice in all Group companies in Europe in compliance with national obligations. In parallel, Group companies also organise an employee participation system known as \"progress bonus\" based on the operational efficiency of employees. 3.2 - RELATIONS WITH THIRD PARTIES 3.2.1 – Relations with sub-contractors and suppliers 1. The Valeo Group will use all means necessary to improve relations with third parties, and allow these parties to apply the guidelines and values central to its commitments. 15 2. Valeo Group companies will systematically require that the sub-contractors and suppliers they use provide quality services in compliance with applicable law and international standards. They will attempt to allow sub-contractors and suppliers and their employees to act on their behalf in optimised working and health and safety conditions for companies in the sector and country in question. Group requirements will mainly relate to: - Compliance with legal requirements, - The health and safety of employees, - Ethical behaviour with customers, - The protection of the environment. Generally speaking, relations with suppliers and sub-contractors must not lead to situations likely to endanger the ethical commitments of the Group and those defined in this agreement. 3- Group companies will implement the appropriate selection and assessment procedures for their sub-contractors and suppliers, meeting these requirements. 4- Sub-contractors and suppliers will be informed of these requirements. Any serious non-compliance, uncorrected after detection, will lead to the termination of relations with the sub-contractor or supplier, in compliance with contractual obligations. 5- More specifically with reference to the safety of the employees of sub-contractors and suppliers, the latter will be requested to monitor all working accidents. 6- Sub-contractors and suppliers must ensure that any suppliers they use for the operation in question comply with the requirements defined by the Valeo Group. 7- Valeo will demand that all of its suppliers, internationally, make commitments which are identical to those made by the Group in terms of sustainable development. Therefore, a document with the title \"Valeo’s requirements vis-à-vis its suppliers\" was drafted and translated into 15 languages in 2007. Our suppliers must accept the content of this document and the fact that we may audit their installations on this basis. 3.2.2. Relations with customers Valeo commits to respecting the CSR requirements of its customers in relation to the principles of the Global Compact and to passing their tests implemented to assess our conformity. 3.3 -PROTECTION OF THE ENVIRONMENT: COMBATING CLIMATE CHANGE AND PROMOTING ENERGY EFFICIENCY 3.3.1 - The environment. The exercise of CSR requires the consideration of the environment for all of our activities, our products and use thereof by our customers and Group employees. The fundamental commitments of the Valeo Group with reference to the Global compact from April 2003 are:  Preventing and reducing pollution thanks to our competences and expertise, 16  Defining a consistent framework for managing the environment, encouraging the application of subsidiarity by professional groups and subsidiaries,  Encouraging the development and distribution of environmentally-friendly technologies, and more particularly promoting energy efficiency. These actions particularly aim to reduce CO² emissions,  Monitoring the safety of installations for personnel and assets,  Boosting the continuous improvements process for environmental performance,  Providing tools to control the implementation of this policy and the monitoring at Group level. By confirming the importance and contribution of the environment in Corporate Social Responsibility, the Group commits to discussing the definition of priorities and adapted solutions with stakeholders, ensuring the awareness of employees, customers, suppliers and service providers of the need to protect the environment, and consider the health of the local populations and personnel in its policy. In addition, the Valeo Group commits to continuing its research, development, and innovation efforts in the fields of the environment, new technologies and safety. 3.3.2 - The environmental safety of our installations, our equipment and our processes. The Valeo Group owns installations and equipment whose potential risks must be notified to the local populations using appropriate communication and signs. Valeo aims to create new means with an impact on the environment reduced as far as possible. In the context of its industrial activities, the Group uses or generates products or emissions likely to imply a risk of serious damage for humans or the natural environment. In view of this situation, Valeo Group companies will:  Implement a continuous risk reduction and prevention policy.  Implement a policy based on precaution, leading to voluntary anticipation and monitoring in scientific and technological fields in terms of risk-related issues for the activity of Group companies. The Valeo Group is currently assessing these chemical substances based on the REACH (Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemical substances) regulation, and attempts to limit use. Finally, the Group publishes a risk management manual and a sustainable development audit reference to assist site managers with handling environmental risks. The Valeo Group also uses an Environment Management System (EMS), based on standard ISO 14001, implemented on the different production sites of the Group. The EMS involves all managers and trains the employees in question using the appropriate means. On most other sites, environmental policies adapted to environmental priorities are applied locally and managers are assigned. In addition, on all sites, the Group ensures that employees are aware of and understand environmental priorities. 17 3.3.3 – Environmental performances.  Commitment to actions reducing the carbon footprint of and packaging consumed in logistics. 1- The activities of the Valeo Group generate significant transport flows and consume large amounts of packaging. To reduce the impact of these activi", "Link": "https://www.valeo.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/valeo-agreement-on-corporate-social-responsibility.pdf"}
{"Company Name": "WALMARK, a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Global Responsibility USING OUR STRENGTHS TO MAKE A DIFFERENCE At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems on which we all rely, including advancing our ambitious commitments and goals within the priority areas of opportunity, sustainability and community. We believe that our work in these areas is not only beneficial for our business bottom line, but also creates shared value for customers and society. Beyond producing a whole systems change and shared value, our approach to global responsibility also underscores the importance of true integration into our core business, drawing upon our core capabilities and strengths, and collective action through collaboration with supplier and industry partners, and key stakeholders.", "Link": "https://corporate.walmart.com/global-responsibility"}
{"Company Name": "Westrock Packaging Systems Svitavy, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Materials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Sustainability isn't just a word. It's the fiber of our company. WestRock's Commitment to Sustainability Play Video Sustainability is about meeting today’s needs without compromising the ability of future generations to do the same. As a key part of our long-term business strategy, our sustainability platform is built on three pillars: People, Planet and Performance. By investing in our workforce and our communities, acting responsibly with regard to the environment, and delivering strong financial results and innovative packaging solutions for our customers, we continue to make our business more sustainable. Reporting our progress. With the establishment of our sustainability platform in 2015 we committed to being transparent in reporting our progress as we move forward. Our sustainability report is prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards, and we invite you to learn more about sustainability at WestRock and our journey to reach our 2025 sustainability goals.", "Link": "https://www.westrock.com/sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Wienerberger s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "An Overview: Sustainability at Wienerberger Sustainable solutions require a look at the bigger picture. Sustainability is firmly rooted in Wienerberger’s company strategy. What makes a company successful in the long term? Acting responsibly, improving people’s quality of life and ensuring that future generations have the same opportunities as we have today. This is why we consider the bigger picture when managing our business: our goal is to improve quality in the Wienerberger Group in a sustainable manner from an ecological, social and economic perspective. In Wienerberger’s Sustainability Roadmap 2020, we pursue ambitious goals. As a result, we have established four key areas at the centre of sustainability: Employees, Production, Products and Social and Economic Commitment. By signing the UN Global Compact in 2003, we committed ourselves to implementing the ten principles of human rights, labour standards, environmental protection and the fight against corruption – not only at Wienerberger, but along the entire supply chain.", "Link": "https://www.wienerberger.com/en/sustainability.html"}
{"Company Name": "Windmöller & Hölscher Machinery k.s.", "Number of employees": 249, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABILITY With our knowledge and our solutions, we contribute to the sustainable development of flexible packaging. As a family business, we assume responsibility and act sustainably: economically, ecologically and socially. We have made this promise in our mission statement, the DNA of our company. We are convinced that profitability and sustainability go hand in hand when it comes to positive innovation. With our knowledge and solutions, we contribute to the sustainable development of flexible packaging. THE FUTURE OF FLEXIBLE PACKAGING: A CIRCULAR ECONOMY The positive characteristics of flexible packaging, such as its durability and performance, become a particular problem at the end of its life cycle. If disposed of improperly, flexible packaging contributes to the littering of oceans and landfills. We are convinced that the flexible packaging of the future must follow a circular economy. This is why we have joined CEFLEX, a European initiative with partners from the entire flexible apckaging value chain. Together, we are committed to ensuring that 100% of all flexible packaging in Europe is collected by 2025 and that 80% is recycled as re-granulate. THE WORLD OF FLEXIBLE PACKAGING W&H is at home in the world of flexible packaging: Made of film, wovens and paper. Our customers all around the world use our machines to produce pouches, bags and sacks for example for the protection of food and hygiene articles or to secure goods during transportation. By advancing our machinery to produce flexible packaging more efficiently, we contribute to making it more sustainable. FLEXIBLE PACKAGING SERVES IMPORTANT PURPOSES Flexible packaging performs important functions in our modern world. More efficiently than any other packaging material, flexible packaging protects food, ensures save goods transportation protects medicines from counterfeiting and contamination We are strengthening these positive properties of flexible packaging with new technologies. FLEXIBLE PACKAGING HELPS TO SAVE FOOD A few grams of flexible packaging can multiply the shelf life of food. Food loss also has a huge impact on Co2-emissions. If “Food Loss” were a country, it would be the third largest originator of greenhouse gas. That is why we are part of the Save Food initiative of the UN. SUSTAINABLE IDEAS HAVE PRIORITY FOR US", "Link": "https://www.wh.group/int/en/company/w_h_group/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Winning Group a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Wistron InfoComm (Czech), s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Communication Services", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "In 2019 Wistron continued to improve our corporate governance and implement CSR based on our philosophy of altruism and the major corporate beliefs of customer focus, integrity, innovation, and pursuit of excellence. Specific measures included aggressively engaging stakeholders, appointing a Corporate Governance Officer, and establishing a Nominating Committee and ESG (Environmen, Society, and Governance) Committee. We were recognized for corporate governance measures and ranked in the top 5% of the 5th Corporate Governance Evaluation conducted by the Taiwan Stock Exchange. We also gained the AA rating by MSCI ESG for sustainable practices in terms of environmental, social, and governance factors. In order to implement corporate social responsibility, Wistron’s Board of Directors established “Corporate Social Responsibility Best Practice Principles” which clearly defined four major principles. The four principles are: exercising corporate governance, fostering a sustainable environment, preserving public welfare, and enhancing the disclosure of corporate social responsibility information. In addition, the ESG Committee is chaired by Vice Chairman & President who reports to the Board of Directors annually on the implementation and performance of the Wistron CSR program as well as the plans and goals for the coming year Corporate Sustainability and Social Responsibility Management Policies Our policy: Wistron is committed to establishing a corporate sustainability and social responsibility (CSR) management system that will exceed local regulatory and ethical standards. The development of high-quality green products and services will also be complemented by protection of the environment, employee health, safety and human rights in order to protect stakeholders' interests. Wistron's corporate sustainability and social responsibility management system covers five management systems including quality, green products, environmental protection, occupational safety and health, and social responsibilities. Each management system is established by adopting a corresponding international standard such as ISO9001, IECQ QC080000, ISO14001/14064-1/50001, OHSAS18001, SA8000/RBA. The contents are described as follows: Quality Management System Wistron values customers and the quality of products and services. Wistron follows international quality standards during R&D and manufacturing processes in order to deliver defect-free, competitive products and services to its customers on time. Green Product Management System In order to reduce the environmental load caused by a product during its life cycle, while developing the product, Wistron upholds the concept of green product design for energy conservation, material reduction, hazardous substance restriction, and recycling. In addition, Wistron follows international regulations and customer requirements while striving to simplify design, production, and operation processes to achieve Earth-friendly, sustainable products. Environmental Management System Wistron understands that its activities, products, and services will influence the environment. To minimize the impact to the environment, Wistron is committed to the zero usage of restricted and banned materials and substances, the conservation of energy usage, and the implementation of recycling programs for our wastes. Through our green product program, we carefully select raw materials and suppliers and actively promote pollution reduction by adopting Earth-friendly technologies wherever feasible. Occupational Safety and Health Management System Wistron is fully aware of the hazards and risks in the workplace that affect all employees and others (including temporary staff, contractors, visitors and others) working within the company’s control area. In order to prevent injury and unhealthy incidents from happening to our employees, we will continue to enhance our occupational safety and health management system to ensure that employees work in a healthy and harm-free environment. Social Accountability Management System Wistron is committed to abiding by social responsibility related international laws and regulations. We continuously respect employee rights and improve the benefits of our employees while fulfilling our social responsibility by establishing an honest, healthy, and safe operating environment. The CSR Management System Implementation Committee updates and publishes its organization and responsibilities at the beginning of each year and convenes a CSR Management System kick-off meeting every year in January to announce the system’s directions and plans for that year. Based on the management system's spirit of continuous improvement, internal audits are planned and executed each year to verify that the management system is being implemented as needed; the results of which are reported to upper management. An annual CSR reporting kick-off meeting is organized in September. By planning and implementing the CSR management system and publishing CSR reports, Wistron examines overall performance in promoting CSR. In addition, Wistron ESG Committee, CSR Management System Implementation Committee and CSR Report Editorial Committee organizes periodic and nonperiodic in-house discussion meetings and training programs that focus on issues of concern to stakeholders and related questionnaire responses. In 2019, we overall convened more than twenty meetings on stakeholder engagement regarding topics including but not limited to the environment, corporate social responsibility, health and safety, or sustainability development, such as improvement and communication of external mainstream ESG assessment results, response to CDP questionnaires, renewable energy assessments, training and rollout programs for CSR and ISO, etc.", "Link": "https://www.wistron.com/CMS/Page/234"}
{"Company Name": "Witzenmann Opava, spol. s r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Consumer Discretionary", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "SUSTAINABILITY As a leading company in the industry of flexible metal elements, we take our responsibility to protect and conserve natural resources extremely seriously. The corporate mission statement is the foundation for our Group’s activities and future development. It conveys our vision and mission, and our corporate goals and strategies. This includes the corporate guidelines and management principles on which the activities of our management personnel are based.", "Link": "https://www.witzenmann.com/en/about-us/sustainability/"}
{"Company Name": "Wrike Czech, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Some people claim how you take your coffee says a lot about who you are. We don’t know about that, but we do know how the coffee is grown, harvested, and distributed says a lot about Philz. Since expanding to nearly 50 stores in California (with some opening up on the East Coast), Philz has quickly become a household name by pleasing the pickiest of coffee lovers and showing caffeine-skeptics there is more than one way to enjoy a cup a joe. From their attention to detail in selecting their coffee and building relationships with the farmers, to hand-crafting the beverage exactly how the customer wants it, Philz prides themselves on their quality, sustainability, and customization. “We think of ourselves as a business who serves people, not coffee,” says Andi Trindle Mersch, Director of Coffee and Sustainability at Philz. Mersch oversees coffee sourcing and quality all the way through to the consumer. She and her small team are the subject matter experts on anything and everything related to coffee, and she’s newly responsible for helping the company scale while investing in environment-friendly and sustainable best practices. t’s a long journey from coffee bean to cup, and the Philz team is continuously looking at ways to fine-tune their processes. We sat down with Mersch to discuss how Philz has scaled a business nationwide while preserving that shop-around-the-corner brand their consumers know and love. 1. First, and foremost, what’s your go-to Philz drink order? That’s easy! I love a simple, straight-forward New Manhattan. Black, no sugar. 2. Philz is really well known for their high-quality coffee. How are you able to sustain such a healthy, long-standing relationship with all the growers and importers you work with? For us, the secret sauce is transparency. We ask for transparency from our suppliers and we provide it in return. For every single coffee lot we purchase, we ask them to fill out a semi-lengthy questionnaire about practices on the farm, quality parameters, gender issues, etc. And we like to return the favor by communicating on everything. If anything is happening in our business, if we're just busy and we can't get back to people right away, we’ll keep them informed. If something changes in our forecast, we want to be open about what happened and why.", "Link": "https://www.wrike.com/blog/personality-in-a-cup-philz-coffee/"}
{"Company Name": "Wüstenrot", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Financials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "Sustainability as a set target Responsible conduct and social commitment have a long tradition in the W&W Group. They are an integral part of our corporate culture. In 2012, we therefore expanded the W&W Group's target vision in the area of entrepreneurial activity to include sustainable action. Decisions are thus supplemented by aspects of sustainability. Target agreements are to be increasingly geared to this. We see ourselves as having a social responsibility to also embrace energy efficiency and environmental protection in our own company in an exemplary manner. Energy should be used efficiently, pollutant emissions should be reduced and wastewater and waste should be avoided as far as possible. When making purchases, we pay attention to environmentally compatible materials. Subcontractors and suppliers are selected according to economic as well as social and ecological criteria. We also act sustainably when designing new products. This applies both to the Housing division and to various areas of insurance. For example, Wüstenrot Bausparkasse offers owners of residential properties special products for financing the modernisation of energy systems. As an investor, Württembergische Lebensversicherung actively seeks to reduce harmful emissions in its investment portfolio. It does so by more strongly promoting climate-friendly technologies and their propagation. Employees are an extremely important asset for the W&W Group as a service provider. The company's success depends on their commitment and performance. Securing the company's future viability and competitiveness therefore also requires sustained investment in employees. For us, this includes not only the continuous further development of our employees, but also providing offers and benefits promoting a better work-life balance, and health management. For example, our employees have a constant range of back, yoga, brain fitness, Zumba and fascia courses at their disposal, as well as health seminars. The W&W Group ensures a good work-life balance with the aid of flexible working time models, mobile working in individual cases and a wide range of support services for parents, e.g. company child care, holiday care, emergency care and life situation coaching. The origin and fields of activity of the W&W Group are based on fundamental social ideas. The Wüstenrot Foundation, the majority shareholder of W&W AG, is guided by its basic understanding of social responsibility. It supports projects in the fields of architectural conservation and preservation, art and culture, science and research as well as teaching, education and training. The long company history connects the W&W companies in a very special way with the people and their home region. In addition to the commitment of the Wüstenrot Foundation, the W&W Group primarily supports projects in the major locations in Stuttgart, Ludwigsburg and Kornwestheim. For example, it supports selected associations and their initiatives with its annual Christmas donation. The companies of the W&W Group also support regional associations and institutions. There are also partnerships with schools, universities and the media. Recent awards", "Link": "https://www.ww-ag.com/en/about-us/Sustainability"}
{"Company Name": "Wotan Forest, a.s.", "Number of employees": 999, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Since 2003 when the company was founded, it has gone a long way. In the beginning there were smaller companies which later joined forces in order to establish a brand new company Wotan Forest, a.s. Other members joined the company and it has expanded its scope by other wood industries. An important step for Wotan Forest, a.s. was the purchase of shares of a company by AGROFERT, a.s. We became a member of the AGROFERT conglomerate holding company. This means a stable business that enables further growth and development of the company. In 2013 we have grown again when ALFA Plywood Solnice a.s., the company with a long tradition joined us. With this business-oriented merger, the company has acquired more than 120 employees and a processing plant for the production of quality Czech plywood and veneer. The next step was to place amounts of packaging and pallets onto the market. This aim has been achieved in 2015 when we purchased JILOS HORKA, s.r.o. that is one of the largest pallet manufacturing plant. We have expanded our products by adding high quality different types of pallets and reached a stable position in the Czech market. At present we have more than 700 employees who operate 4 cut-off saws supplying lumber for our 4 wood where we produce everything from palisades to playgrounds and also grow trees in our 19 forest nurseries on the area of more than 300 ha. We annually cut out over 300 000 m3 of wood and dry over 100 000 m3, we produce over 2 500 000 pallets and over 30 000 m3 of plywood. The company Wotan Forest, a.s. is always striving to meet customer requirements, maintaining stable and constant quality of all products, ensuring employee satisfaction a tour company while minimizing environmental impact of our industrial production on the environment. Main business activities of the company Wotan Forest", "Link": "https://www.wotanforest.cz/en/our-company/"}
{"Company Name": "xITee k.s.", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "XLMX obchodní s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "XPO Supply Chain CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Y Soft Corporation, a.s.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "YABOK s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "YOUR SYSTEM, spol.s r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Yusen Logistics (Czech) s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "Yusen Logistics is committed to being “a good corporate citizen,” and acting according to its core values at all times. To achieve this the company supports social contribution initiatives such as disaster support, environmental conservation, welfare, and cultural support. Each of our employees is aware of his or her responsibilities in this respect, and contributes accordingly. Globalization of trade has improved the lives of countless people around the world, but there are inevitable environmental costs. As a leading supply chain logistics company, we believe we have a vital role to play by managing environmental risks. Reducing our carbon footprint ISO 14001 Yusen Logistics has ISO 14001 certification for warehouses and offices, primarily in Europe. Reducing environmental loads We seek to reduce environmental loads by using resources efficiently, saving energy, reducing waste. Examples include:=(photo 1) -A large-scale solar power generator, with 500kW output, in New Jersey USA. The electricity generated is used in the warehouse, with excess wattage sold to local power companies. -LED lighting is being introduced in warehouse facilities, and is already implemented in our Japanese locations.", "Link": "https://www.yusen-logistics.com/en/about-us/csr/social-contribution-initiatives/"}
{"Company Name": "ZEMAN maso-uzeniny, a.s.", "Number of employees": 1499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Zentiva Group, a.s.", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ZEPTER INTERNATIONAL s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "Zonky.cz", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ZOOT", "Number of employees": 19, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "ZONER software, a.s.", "Number of employees": 99, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "4Life Direct Insurance Services s.r.o., odštěpný závod", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "4flow", "Number of employees": 499, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Information Technology", "Size of Company": "Large", "Initiatives": "As a rapidly growing company, it is a matter of course for 4flow to take responsibility. 4flow has been growing dynamically and worldwide for years. The goal of achieving excellent performance with excellent employees and at the same time developing the company sustainably determines our actions and is firmly anchored in the 4flow values . Employee Respectful treatment of all employees is the focus of the 4flow corporate culture, which we live in at all locations worldwide. 4flow was awarded the \"TOP COMPANY\" and \"OPEN COMPANY\" seals of approval by the employer evaluation platform kununu for communicating at eye level with applicants and employees and for critically examining their own qualities as an employer. In an anonymous employee survey conducted for the “Germany's Best Employers” competition, 4flow received excellent grades. In the categories “fairness and respect” and “team spirit”, 100 percent of 4flow employees say: “We are treated fairly and we have a friendly working atmosphere”. 4flow has been awarded the Fair Company seal of approval several times for the fair treatment of interns and young professionals. For example, 4flow only offers paid internships. As a training company, 4flow invests in the careers of young employees. And according to Focus Money, 4flow offers top career opportunities and is the first choice for engineers and university graduates in the consulting category. Satisfaction and health The satisfaction of our employees is important to us, because an optimal working environment is the basic prerequisite for excellent performance. Among other things, the acoustically optimized offices at the Berlin headquarters ensure a quiet working atmosphere, and separate telephone rooms also help to keep noise levels in the offices low. Active health management is an important pillar of employee development. This includes informational appointments on health issues, a free organic fruit, water and juice offer as well as ergonomic equipment in the workplace. A balanced diet is also important for the weekly breakfast. In addition, 4flow Sport supports as compensation for office work. For example, employees regularly take part in company runs for which 4flow sponsors the entry fee and meals in addition to the T-shirts. At the Berlin location there is a re-room in which employees can exercise independently and under professional guidance. environment 4flow makes a decisive contribution to a better CO2 balance for its customers. By optimizing logistics and transport networks with the standard 4flow vista® software, it is possible to increase vehicle utilization, reduce transport and use environmentally friendly modes of transport. In 4flow vista®, in addition to network and transport planning, pollutant emissions caused by a logistics network can also be calculated and visualized. This enables decision-makers in companies to become aware of the environmental consequences of their strategic options and to include them in their decision-making. society 4flow acts according to the principles of the UN Global Compact. The world's largest and most important initiative for responsible corporate governance is committed to making globalization more social and ecological. These include measures in the chapters on human rights, labor standards, environmental protection and the fight against corruption. As part of its social commitment, 4flow supports various social initiatives such as Friends Kinderhilfe International , which is active in Sri Lanka , which focuses on the promotion of education, and the association for cities without hunger , which is committed to small farmers in Brazil, among others. 4flow is against any kind of corruption. We do not want to convince our customers with gifts, but with excellent services and solutions. At the end of the year, 4flow took part in the “Donations instead of gifts” campaign by sending UNICEF Christmas cards. UNICEF uses the proceeds from the sale of greeting cards to finance vaccines and exercise books, among other things. 4flow employees regularly donate to social aid projects as part of internal events such as Christmas celebrations, 4flow doubles these contributions.", "Link": "https://www.4flow.de/unternehmen/verantwortung.html"}
{"Company Name": "2VV s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "2K Czech, s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "2GIS CZ s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 49, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Small", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "100MEGA Distribution s.r.o.", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 0, "Sector": "", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "", "Link": ""}
{"Company Name": "European Space Agency (ESA)", "Number of employees": 199, "Has a CSR page": 1, "Sector": "Industrials", "Size of Company": "Medium", "Initiatives": "At ESA, sustainable development has been promoted and reported upon since 2008. More recently, an ESA Sustainable Development Report has been published every two years, with the aim of keeping the topics of environmental and social responsibility at the forefront of the Agency’s concerns. Changing the name To reflect the general trend in extra-financial reporting of companies and organisations, ESA’s regular report on sustainability has been renamed the ‘ESA Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability Report’. Reporting on corporate responsibility and sustainability together enables ESA to consider the impact it has across a wide range of topics and issues. This is an essential step before considering how the organisation can deal with these challenges and understand where and how to move forward. The reporting exercise is above all a strong enabler for transparency. It also raises awareness of the risks and opportunities that ESA faces in environmental, social, economic and governance spheres.", "Link": "https://www.esa.int/About_Us/ESA_Publications/ESA_Publications_Monographs/ESA_SP-1335_Corporate_Responsibility_and_Sustainability_2015_16_Report"}
